what is that thing you say when you
clink glasses sabasha it's like dyrus
you know salute or you know nostrovia
it's just the Irish version slide show
Slainte / yeah likes SLA int II I
believe it's house about nips hmm / I
never knew that you said it before and
always just let it slide so they want to
seem like a dork yeah no I'll probably
saying it real but I mean like you know
Gaelic is some real harsh yeah like
vowels and it's a crazy like I've seen
Gaelic names that like were spelled
insane and it was
oh that's pronounced Shawn like that
wild ancient language right yeah for
real oh I love Irish people man I just
I'm fuckin fascinated by the wildness of
that culture well yeah that's what God
made whiskey you know so the Irish would
so the Irish would never rule the world
when you see a guy like that guy like
Conor McGregor
that part of what is him is Irish
he's like a pure like brilliant Irish
you know I'm talking for sure most all
the way motherfucker knows like a los
knows how to take a loss takes a loss
like a man it still talk shit you know
I'm right back to my is it it's like
that you know that that guy that you
fight but he loses but you know you're
gonna have to fight him tomorrow yes or
so is his shit is healed up and the
busted up Ness is gone it's kind of like
a hundred million dollars in the bank he
still wants to fight people still
smacking people at bars yeah that's
that's don't do that no not that who
knows what the fuck the guy said to him
but it looked like the guy was old as
fuck someone said he was only 50 that
the guy was only 50 dude didn't fold up
though he just kind of sat at the bar
Connor didn't really yeah he didn't even
the smacking of a couple of fingers he
touched you did what we call mu schtum
schtum yes you can kind of be
interpreted as hitting but it really
Kwok ain't quite a hit yeah when you're
a guy like that you're basically walking
around a
not to fuck people up because you have
to kind of agree to not fuck people up
the money he's got there should be like
five guys around him to make sure that
never happens yeah but they can't listen
to him like if you have a guy like him
he's gonna do whatever he wants even if
there's a bunch of people around him
stop at him you're not gonna stop them
from doing checks when he threw that
guy's phone down the ground stomped it
in Miami there was all the bodyguards
there he just did it he just did it he's
Conor McGregor he's fuckin look he's
living like you're supposed to live if
you're Connor Gregor the dances dog go
to jail dude don't get locked up it's
also the the whole structure of the way
things are now as far as like
entertainment it's like guys it's all
about eyeballs well he fucking figured
it out man pulling I figured like in the
most crazy way possible he figured out
how to just blow up the whole system
when you're a guy who has been fight I'm
eeen I contacted him on Twitter in like
2013 right by 2018 he's worth a hundred
million dollars so quickly
and he calls it all the way and he calls
it all the way that's Daisy as far as
I'll know I called it all the way like
I'm gonna be you know a billionaire I'm
a multi-millionaire you know what Dana
White said to me once about him that's
dead-on
he said he eats pressure he said that
guy eats pressure he just eats it he
goes he just he just goes in there and
then the more pressure experiences the
better he can perform it's true so I go
look at the Aldo fight picture perfect
left-hand knockout it doesn't get any
prettier the timing is setup the
patience the movement that the setting
it up looking for him to leap in and
blind catching him when he's coming I'm
pretty sure he said exactly those that's
exactly what he said he was gonna do
right before the fight - oh that's me
tweeting him in January of 2013
I saw his fight in I think it was Cage
Warriors I think that's the promotion
cage Wars or Cage Warriors I think it's
why am i fucking that up Cates wars is
it two different ones there probably is
it's probably a bunch of cage stuff
but in either way he was uh fucking
people up overseas I was like this kids
for real he just sees something
sometimes he's he's like I watch a video
see how a guy moves on my Jesus some
guys just have something and he had just
ridiculous timing yeah it's so relaxed
in there those were fun trikes man his
early days of MMA's like you can go back
and watch him and you go oh this guy's
going to be special he's got like a
weird sense of timing you know it's like
he's just very good at understanding
where you're at
no not to put it all he's had me when
and you know the I were you know you
know how I was thing that's it oh I love
it yeah when he was like we all fight
together look when he's in the room like
if he wins a fight and there's you know
the crowds filled with like 7,000 Irish
people do you feel it like you feel like
goose bumps it's crazy like you do
everything you can to stop just to keep
yourself from crying at the beauty of it
this guy's standing there in front of
thousands of people that have flown
overseas and he's saying I only people
fly over dude it's crazy they take over
the fucking Vegas hotels take over like
we you have seized the finish up there
like 7th Avenue in front of in front of
Madison Square Garden there's not a
fucking fan on earth like Irish fans
they're different
I should think Brazilian fans were crazy
until I saw the Irish fans they take
over the whole Mandalay Bay was taken
over by people singing it was all and
doing a fair amount of drinking Oh fair
more than fair but just the fact that
they could do that that they can gang
get together and sing the same song like
thousands of them together singing the
same song I remember the first time when
we went to Ireland as House of Pain and
uh in between saws they broke into the
whole you know all the soccer chant
stuff and we were just like wow this is
crazy you know we never experienced
anything like that they don't they had
you didn't do that at the sports events
at home back then not back then at all
so that was amazing culturally it's it's
it's it's it's that soccer - it's real
Connor fight in our
once he's got a fight in Dublin in a
soccer stadium fuck yet right why not
why not if he's ever gonna fight again
don't do it I don't you know that I
think the idea was that it's like more
money and pay-per-view if you fight in
Vegas you know in Vegas is worth a lot
of money he doesn't the time have a lot
to do with it too when they got European
thing they're gonna do the whole weird
time thing over there so they can
accommodate the pay-per-view here yeah
I'd be real weird they'd be fighting
like 4:00 in the morning it's always
real weird to me when I wake up and
there's like a South America fight
didn't happen at noon and I'm like oh
yeah I missed Japan like Rison if you
try to watch rides and they have it in
Japanese time that's how pride used to
be we would get up at like we would have
guys come over my house and we would
watch pride at like 3 o'clock in the
morning like sometimes they would have
him live for some reason if I'm
remembering it correctly sometimes they
would have him live and sometimes they'd
have the fights and you knew what
happened but you didn't get to see it
for like a couple of weeks they would
delay it in North America for some
strange reason they didn't didn't didn't
totally do it live I was hip to that MMA
share thing a long time ago they always
had the bootleg videos and ties how
anybody that's like Voldemort don't say
that did I just mess up thought it was
gone anyway that was 10 years ago dude
UFC is gangsters with that like it used
to be you could watch those and then I
overtime use that because they can
Europe before like there was things like
fight pass and thing like that you
couldn't find a pay-per-view if you were
stuck over there 4:00 in the morning in
the middle somewhere so you would lean
on whatever you could is a fan and but
the dates that you started seeing there
shutting them down like it doesn't
they're they're gangsters the UFC are
gangsters yeah as a it's a big money
business people fucking people -
impressive is what it is it's impressive
it's like there's like there's a army of
muhfuckas somewhere going oh yeah oh
yeah some of it must get through right
just everything the internet just have
stuff that gets I don't know I got the
fight pass now so now everywhere I go
it's I got the fight pass and the little
you have that look
static IP address so like when you are
out the country you can it's perfect as
perfectly normal you know what's weird
why aren't they showing why like I need
to ask the UFC this why don't they show
like the height like that knockouts on
their Instagram page they show when the
knockouts over yeah I noticed that yeah
I do not understand I don't understand
because once everybody knows they know
everybody knows they know it's not
hurting anybody to watch it like it'll
just hype up the fight replay business a
lot of business I wonder what the replay
buys are like the cats who just missed
it and bought the reef flat maybe that
for sure I'm sure they probably make a
nice second round of money on that
replay right like so how long do you
think they should hold off for like a we
a or two ma'am yeah we we can then put
the highlights on shore do they do that
do they ever show I get this weird
impression that they only show like
right after the finish on Instagram now
no they have they'll show entire fights
on Instagram now but all rights like all
face yeah so like pretty sure they
showed steep Bay just pulling off of DC
was that the case that was it yeah I got
my whole phone got blown Oh cuz
apparently I'm right in the back when
that happens I don't know I have a
seated but blew up right there that was
that fight was chaos that fight was ki
was fun I had an amazing time that card
I should say that card fight card was
chaos yeah there was a wild one man in
Anaheim
it was hard watching TC get hit with
those fucking body shot oh yeah dude
soon as he'd start digging in it was
like oh wow something's happening dudes
deep bays nasty he wanted that belt by
shots he took incredible you know we
were talking about Yolo
the shot steep eights hook and I walk
through him like well I was crazy
because DC managed to put him away with
one punch the first time I didn't see
coming
yeah yeah see incoming everything got
hit with was hard as hell but he saw it
all coming yep let him get in that
little right in his chest area cuz
that's what he got that short one on him
that last time that's exactly what
happens if you're not prepared if you
don't think you're gonna get punched and
you relax for a minute and then you get
punched by something you don't see
coming you can get fucked up and when
you're in a fight with a greco-roman
wrestler of the caliber
DC knows how to manipulate you and he
just been manipulated him perfectly into
that right hand and it was a beautiful
work of art but he was never able to hit
him like that in the second fight like
as cleanly and have that kind of an
effect the shots he hit him with were
pretty good shots but steep they ate him
and then you realize Oh Steve I can't
take a fucking shot he just got clipped
you just got caught he could take a
fucking shot and he was there in the
fourth round which is really impressive
like in the fourth round he was looking
good
he recognizes him soon as he touched
that net never shot that it was yep Wow
something happened there and it hit him
he dug in like four or five straight
times man cannot let a guy like that
punch you in the liver that many times
I'm sure DC obviously didn't want him to
do that but that's how good Steve is
selected do you see them yeah I respect
DC I love that guy that was he's one of
my favorite people to do commentary with
man for sure he's he's the best he's so
fun he's hilarious like when when Rose
Nami unis not knocked out that is what I
love like he's a friend
Roman he's so free that in the middle of
like this crate we're calling a world
title fight he's just DC he could be
himself and it's uh he's got a great
personality man and he's a hell of a
fighter and he was dominating in the
first round you think he's gonna go he
gonna go find a camper I think he's
gonna want to fight steep again if I
guess if I really guess I mean if he
wants to do it again he's gonna want to
fight steep pay again because he's gonna
want to what I think the way he
described it is right that wrong that he
did he just didn't fight well he didn't
listen to his corner I think that's what
he thinks it's like he fought really
well in the first round and then Bob
Cooke was yelling at him in the second
round keep your damn hands up you know
and he he was like walking him down like
almost like disdainfully like walking
him down and I don't know if that was
part of strategy to psychologically put
up a lot of pressure on steep a you know
to try to establish that steep base done
that he's the champ now but it was
almost like disdainful but steep a
survived so and he just was there and he
was in there in really good shape and
rounds 3 and rounds for that was what
was really impressive
I was I was amazed especially I have to
getting fucked up quite a bit in that
first round I mean there was a couple
times where I thought he was gonna be
fit like dude was gonna get him yeah DC
was all over him in that first round and
when he when he picked him up and dumped
them you're like Jesus Christ DC's good
yeah Jesus Christ he's good
he just didn't maintain it that's
exactly what it was and then steep they
made the adjustment and you know who the
fuck knows he might decide you know what
my body doesn't want to do this anymore
I'm done I know he made a ton of money
and I know he's really good as a
commentator and he'll would he'll do
that forever
for sure or he might don't want to do it
one more time but then there's always
John Jones were lurking man John Jay
felt like everybody knows like that's
the biggest rivalry in MMA isn't it
isn't it yeah I mean the only thing you
give if you're gonna talk about
accolades of of Cour means he has
everything all those championships but
there's that little asterisk yeah on the
on the light heavyweight belt that he
never really got it from Ryan but that's
the weird part about it right it's like
when you're a champion but the champion
who's the real champion didn't lose it
and then they have an interim Jim what
are we doing here what does happen is he
gonna never come back and and and shown
that he's still him like and hopefully
God willing for him keeping all his
stuff together and it yeah it would have
been different if he just kind of fading
in the distance and then it changes that
narrative but he came back and he his
original thing was like you ain't that
guy I'm that guy still yeah it was crazy
I mean dude that's how crazy good John
is really that's how crazy good John is
I'd love to see that dog and the way DC
was able to beat Rumble twice Rumble to
me was always the smartest guy out of
this is my dude that's my dude he's so
ferocious his punching is so fucking
explosive man he's just got so much
power when he knocked out Glover
Teixeira with one punch I was like who
then I first met him he was he was a
much smaller dude 170 yeah yeah he used
to work out with some friends of mine
that we used to work out in this though
I mmHg them was off Melrose and La Brea
thing was called La MMA at the
time or something like that and he
before he wound up in Colorado I think
you know but no I've known that dude a
wild man he's so good to take you lessly
powerful he's a really nice guy yeah
it's good to his fucking powers
preposterous though like but it was and
then when I see him come back in on the
205 that's what I was yeah just my dumb
people at 2:05 but it was interesting
man
it's is his retirement was like one of
the most honest and like it was like he
was like happy with it because he was
like man I'm not a fighter on my ass
leat I just just good at this like wow
that's really that's that's interesting
interesting weed now and and mazes dogs
and likes French bulldogs just a
grappling competition against this guy
Craig Jones who's this Brazilian
jiu-jitsu guy from Australia that's a
murderer he's a leg block specialist to
any carnem in a leg lock it's crazy to
see how big he is
rumbles like fucking I don't know he's
gotta be like 260 pounds like no
bullshit
he's huge I'm sad that's like I say we
sat next to a fighter laughs not the
last fight I went to but whatever the
one last mile before that in Vegas bro
he looks like a fucking super
heavyweight he's so big it's ridiculous
yeah he's just not even thinking about
losing weight for fighting anymore
I wonder what would happen if he decided
to come back to the heavy weight like no
bullshit as a heavyweight if that guy I
mean did you know crazy would be if that
guy wound up winning the heavyweight
title you think of the rumble career he
wins the Ultimate Fighter as a 170 it
gets all the way up to 185 can't make
185 misses wait right misses it for the
Vitor Belfort fight I believe a big
fight then he goes up the light
heavyweight even goes up to heavyweight
foot beat Andre Arlovski
in I think was the PFL and I think it
really beat him badly if I remember
correctly I got broke he broke his jaw
so and then I don't know was that anyway
that was a heavyweight in the PFL it
wasn't in the UFC and then comes back to
the UFC comes back to UFC as a light
heavyweight and just flat behind people
yeah you would see him hit people who
just go wow that guy's scary timing -
excellent timing you know he it wasn't
just power
Rumble Johnson UFC return could be on
cards of prices right yeah that was when
this is from recently yeah after his
grappling match oh really I'd you like
two months moody he's so big right now I
would think he would fight heavyweight
everywhere him and I really think he's
him as deep a he was torturing his body
for so long to make 170 I never saw
anybody lose well we got 270 800 pounds
over what he fought it is gain that is
so crazy a hundred pounds more than what
he weighed in when he won the ultimate
fighter that's insane that's insane
god bless oh my god 278 oh my god a
hundred and seventy oh my god
he was 170 170 pound champion becomes a
278 pounds heavy weight and it's like
where did he how did you do that where
is it just it's crazy that guy's power
is fuckin undeniably preposterous what
do you make of Brock trying to pick a
fight with John Bell so that's so silly
that's just talk what I was gonna say
about rumble is that even though Rumble
was that that good and that scary DC
handled him man
DC a take a hard shot got him to the
ground
that was Rumble ds1 70s right then now
he's enormous
but DC was the guy who managed to handle
that yeah crazy and that as DC is
seemingly easily will he won he was you
know one that can handle him I didn't
think that was gonna go that way like I
said that was my dude so I was routing
heavy for him well he's he's a special
guy when it comes to wrestling he's
especially talented and I think
wrestlers they know where they stand in
the wrestling food chain and when you
get gripped by a dude like DC like oh
Jesus is Olympic caliber wrestling
that's beast mode he just starts
smashing and he was able to run his way
through the heavyweight division you got
to realize before he lost his steep a
fight
he had only lost one round ever at
heavyweight really arguably and that was
to Josh Barnett I think that was like
one round that he lost on the cards and
Josh Barnett is
you know a legend a fucking the
youngest-ever youngest-ever you have
seen Heavyweight Champion Josh Barnett
brilliant guy - do you know Josh
not personally no fucking brilliant guy
brilliant guy so that's the last round
the DC had ever lied lost like one round
as a heavyweight he's just dominating
people with his wrestling in his hands
be he was just fucking people up but
just that's how good steep a is man
people slept on steep Bay you know
people thought that DC was gonna run him
over again like you've ran him over the
first time and you know I think DC
prepared for a long and arduous fight
but Stieb a he's a big big man big giant
heavyweight man he's a long tall dude a
long frame and DC weighed more than him
during the fight after you weighed like
six pounds more than him something like
that but it's just built it's a justice
just didn't meet it but I definitely
come in like twenty or thirty pounds
less than last time he came in less yeah
I don't know it was 20 pounds but I
think it was he was like 230 in this
fight I think DC was 236 so DC came in
like two came in lighter than their
first fight but I think you know Stevie
came in after like a whole year of
waiting for this rematch like you're
trying to figure out if it's ever gonna
happen it's is DC gonna fight Brock
Lesnar and Jesus you know it's like he
was always waiting and then finally they
gave him the chance to see him I hate to
see DC lose I hate it's hard to watch
man he's such a nice guy
it's it's hard as much as I like that
guy to see him get hit it's hard but you
take all that stuff out and just look at
his two athletes and what's deep they
did was just brilliant that the whipping
of that left hook to the body was just
tax book man tax book it was fight
another amazing fight up and so him that
until they he gassed a little bit it
looked like to me and the liver shot
started happening you know it's also you
got to appreciate the technique the way
steep a threw that left hook was perfect
I mean it was just these are brilliant
shots there's no wasted movement the
technique was pinpoint I mean he just he
just rips him in there and he caught DC
standing there and he just hit him with
a hole
hard left to the body and then once you
realize he could do that more he just
continued what they were doing then but
he would go to it again and he got in
again and then now DC is in a little bit
of trouble and now he's gonna eat was
gonna try to do take him down like using
this spot was kind of still standing
with him and he's not down but he's hurt
and so it's how much is he hurt he hit
with hard body shots by a very heavy
weight definitely no those are brutal
and and then boom he starts hitting them
up to the head and drop some Wow
that was super impressive like when
you're calling a fight how often are you
looking here and how often it depends on
what I can see some I mean what you're
saying is a monitor yeah it depends on
how often like I want to see it
if I could just say that's why I'm just
curious like I'm not even I'm just
saying a percentage-wise if you were to
guess what isn't what about a third of
the time you're looking at this and the
rest of time you probably up here yeah
maybe less than a third on the monitors
I try to stay off the monitors the
monitors will I want to see you know I
want to see what's happening but they're
like if they're off to the side I like
pressed up against the cage then I can
have to go to the monitors because I
need to see like I'm comparing it to
like other experiences like ringside
experience where I'm like how often I'm
like about a third of the time I feel
like I'm looking watching spin the
screen
yeah I mean just because I want to there
are there on the ground and I want to
see what's going on with them with the
arm that I can't see you know I mean
that kind of thing yeah yeah it's a wild
fucking sport man so while I was trying
to figure it out the other day I think
up in the lake maybe 60 UFC's man Jesus
Christ
I think so dude if I think back to the
years and when I met Dana and Chuck and
like ever since that day it's like
anyone I call up and you know I'm
blasting thing you know I get to go yeah
I know your honor what else Agel dude
I've you know you when I was when it was
those days it was a whole different game
I'd be it almost everyone cuz a lot of
most of them were in Vegas yeah so it
would be it would be easy to get there
yeah those are fun experiences man
trying to figure out how to pull up on
Abu Dhabi man are you really I'm trying
to figure out do I just buy a ticket and
go or do I figure out how so
you know any promoter out there that
wants some job around
holler at me you know and I'm just tryin
to pull up on the Abu Dhabi fight and
have that experience I'm gonna be
watching that one from here we're gonna
probably do a fight companion for that
and one day I want to be invited to one
of those you gotta come to one of those
those are ridiculous yeah no that's
their foreign I trust try not to get
into conspiracies no no I'm well aware
try to keep any well well naughty right
this is the only way it goes south but
even then it's fun it's always fun it's
like it's just that the best thing in
the world is like watching fights with
friends and and laughing no I've watched
it yeah it's a fun thing my most
favorite way to watch fights
turn the fan down at baths get y'all up
man you should say things you just can't
say you know you could talk about things
absolutely never otherwise talk about
and you could describe things with
language like the whole all the language
you could use all the language you know
like when I'm doing the UFC yeah just
like little kids are listening to this
which is kind of weird right like if you
say fuck that's bad but if they watch
someone get the fighter could say it
don't I mean I mean the fighter could
say it yeah I think I think
appropriately and intelligently placed
it wouldn't be out of line but you
couldn't overdo it or overuse it would
have to be like you'd have to like pick
that perfect the problem always it it
gets in the way of doing the commentary
right you're just any decision that you
would make to use that kind of language
would get in the way of the commentary
because it it would be like it would be
less effective like they would go ah
this guy like why do you have to use it
there true and there would be like
judgment of like when to use and why
uses and then they would like think less
of what you have to say or be upset by
what you have to say and that would be
the number one thing if you're trying to
do commentary the number one thing
you're trying to do is take yourself out
of it like I'm trying to do that I'm
just trying to like use the best
language possible to express my
excitement for what we're about to see
like this is what's important to me like
I just want
I'm fucked
this is our fucking pumped I am these
guys are murderers this is gonna be
fascinating to see Yoel Romero Paulo
coast of what the fuck that's exactly
what we're talking the car on the way I
was watching that fight like this like
this this is me like like it's like one
of those fights we just waiting for some
praying the beatings they were giving
each other was crazy man
fucking two chiseled granite man
motherfucker oh and a good it's gonna be
in a Gucci model ad next we have for
sure pick him up they're crazy
the guy's beautiful they're both giant
beautiful men with incredible bodies it
was a man the fight was fucking
fantastic and was so highly skilled that
Paula Costa got is for real man he's for
real if he can do that to yo L if he
could stay on top of you l like that
yo elves explodes on everyone explodes
on everyone but that dude weather the
storm he weathered the storm and he
landed some great shots it was a very
close fight though cuz you well hit him
with some big shit too and yo L took him
down twice
yo we were we were you know it was my
50th zap Sunday so we were out Saturday
Sunday Oh
slinte slinte yes sir macho so like
you know we were going yo well the old
guy rep you know I mean you know for
guys yeah we were going hard for yo out
bro he wins best body at 42 all over the
world the guy's a monster
I mean who who has more like athletic
length of their elite career than yo L
because at 42 he still moves like he
moved 10 years is he 42 - is it you know
Cuban birth certificate would be like 48
you know that's what they say about that
Luis Ortiz guy you know that elite
heavyweight boxer from Cuba my friend -
been friends for that the Cyprus guy I
had him on the podcast with Joey Diaz
translating it was amazing man to hear
him tell his stories in Cuban I just
wish I spoke Spanish I could understand
it like coming from his mouth
but having Joey translated and talk
about all the shit that he had to deal
with coming up through the Cuban Amateur
sisters was one of your pockets yeah
look at
I gotta watch it that one got my bill
that is preposterous that is one of them
sculpted things you buy at Toys R Us
right like a real live human he's so
freakishly athletic and so powerful and
you know it's that Cuban wrestler system
he just the way he described it like
that darn you enthrone my Jean you just
become a fucking machine and that's what
he is with competition he's just a
machine
he was clowning to in the second two
rounds like that's why I was like kind
of felt like you know was trying to get
that guy to be emotional and make a
mistake you know short but it was like
he again he finished begun I mean he got
the best of him in those two rounds in
my book I thought he wanted close close
not bad enough to be like bitching about
it but like I would have flipped the
29-28 personally well the audience
agreed with you when they read they were
bored they were doing it yeah which is
unfortunate because Paula Costa just
fought an amazing fight and he has to
feel like shit during the the poster
site it's not I don't condone bullying
any of that most of people that would
boo would never get in that ring I would
never get in that ring you ain't got
enough money I can I've made a lot of
money and that Conor McGregor it hasn't
got enough money from sorry okay got a
hundred billion yeah yeah man I like my
consciousness you know I'm not getting
in with Mike Tyson for any money you
know cuz the problem is there that's a
lot of researchers on the wrong side of
things yeah for sure
the problem is they're booing the
decision it wasn't his decision he
thought his heart out and it wasn't that
ridiculous is my point to like it was
like I would have flipped it but hey
okay no it's I can see how that could be
seen a hundred percent and you're a guy
who's been some live to 60 fuckin UFC's
yeah it's just um I don't know what the
woo thing is that's happened in the last
couple years
woo like it's a second the whole crowd
starts it's safe that's new that's like
I wasn't around a lot there will be some
soccer thing the person
it's like it's like animals answering
each other you're communicating by with
the wus dude I never even thought of
that
that's so true the whoo that's a new
thing yeah and I mean the last five or
six yeah right what do you think it
started when it's you know it when's the
first time it popped up down south like
a Kentucky or a North Carolina that's
when I feel like I heard it first like
you know that might be Ric Flair that
might be a Rick might be a Ric Flair is
that what that is oh dude that would
make a lot dad now you fucking solved a
mystery for me that maybe that would
make sense
if we can get some confirmation on this
somehow someone in a someone asked this
question on reddit if someone says
you've been talking about Ric Flair so
much that they might have picked it up
from you sorrow a moment where it all
connected like oh shit I started that
listen guys like that are important to
America the guy's such he's such a
character in his prime with his suits
jet flying alligator wearin I was a WCW
guy man and Ric Flair was the man dude
he was a like he's a character that made
his way into what a thousand rap songs
how many rap songs have Rick dude
there's a whole like like hip-hop
subculture involved with wrestling like
I mean I was like these cats that I'm
actually fans of Westside gun
and-and-and Conway and this kid Benny
they got this record label called
Griselda but the the Westside gun kid is
like a fucking wrestling fanatic like
his mom or like he's like involved I
think he's involved with like the WWE
like doing merch and stuff like that cuz
I see him putting shit together that's
like definitely got to be licensed so I
go that it's this is this whole
subculture of like this wrestling and
and and hip-hop it's definitely made its
way into stand-up to now you know they
have this podcast to store horsemen
where they all just talk about Pro
Wrestling a bunch of comics Tony
Hinchcliffe and these comics Clues on
that store horsemen Jeremiah Watkins
right who else no he's not
I'm giving out fake news fake news
that's fake news but it's not fake this
is delicious by the way
very good delicious mad as companies
from 1773 son they started in 1773 did
you know that they sold whiskey during
Prohibition for medicinal medicinal
purposes I didn't know that but I didn't
but I would I'm not shocked do they so
this company kept making whiskey all
through the Prohibition legally legally
yeah for medicine so people that you
know I'm gonna need a little medicine I
just got a slew of new whiskey oh here
it is that day it's Tony Ames cliff jaw
nice Curtis Matt Edgar Josh Martin
that's right I hope I said skirt is his
last name right is that right so I said
yeah anyway um so comics are really into
pro wrestling too they even go live
these dorks they fly out to like
Wrestlemania and they go in the our save
live same saying yeah same saying yeah
it's become like a pit Nautica it's
become a thing that people like to do
like to go to these big wrestling events
and groups of people whether it's
musicians or rappers hip-hop or
stand-ups they're going like for sure
experiencing it exactly it's like the
concert experience
why rapper rapper so obsessed with Ric
Flair cuz he's got it like 40 Rolexes
Blair you got one famous rant that he
went on limousine ride and jet flying
yeah exactly
you know yeah that kind of we're all
eight when that happens yeah yes that's
everything I want in in the universe
it's inch yeah you see him now I mean
that the guy still gets love everywhere
he goes you know like I did in my
special where I said you know Ric Flair
and then I put the microphone out to
audience audience goes blue like jeez
you started that shit then dude you
started the wound I don't think I did I
think it was already going on I think
everybody appreciates this guy it's like
as you get up we can't play this right
we're get in trouble but this is the as
you you know you get older you and you
see things like this you appreciate them
for what they are like you could think
they're cheesy when you're
young but then as you get old he goes
yeah that's fucking awesome the fact
that that guy is this amazing beautiful
golden mullet with those crazy
sunglasses saying this all saying all
this nutty gold pinky ring dude man
that's a artist the guy's an artist look
at this that's the male soap opera
forever since back when forever children
yeah yeah I mean when I was a kid it was
Bob Backlund and Jimmy Superfly Snuka an
Iron Sheik I don't know if you could
have really grown up in America as a
little boy and not had a phase at some
point were you interacted with one of
these wrestling organizations WCW or WWF
when I was growing up and if you were
like one of those kids is really into
like all music and indie groups you know
you you would go for some like fuckin
killer Kowalski shit you would go you
would try to find some people that were
off the beaten path like do you know
about this wrestling organization cuz
there's a bunch of like weird little
time dude when I was when the House of
Pain like was like early on like you
know but you know we were experiencing
pretty good success like ECW had formed
a crazy Extreme Championship Wrestling I
think that's what it stood for out of
Philadelphia and they invited us to a
bunch it was the first time I ever
really and I know it had happened before
but their whole show was about cats
cutting their faces open and bleeding
during matches and shit it was insanity
man and they had packed houses I mean I
think dude bought it up like Vince
McMahon bought it up and the guy who
owned it or I ran it became one of the
like characters within and I believe
I've it's been a long time I'm old now
I'm 50 do you see what Ronda Rousey did
to her finger yesterday how about that
man they big glued that thing together
and she went back to work how about if I
read it right she finished the tape she
finished it taking ignored it until it
was over
and then overshadow it's bad it was guys
it goes the hospital they put it back
together again and then she goes back
and finishes gangster dude that's
dedication not a lot of humans it's also
like I don't want to fight anymore I'm
gonna go finish this movie
things like this you know nobody was to
cut the weight with their dough and I
don't want to come back to that shit
that's just the mindset of an elite
combat sports or she just had that
mindset there's not a whole lot of
humans that was dealt with that that way
that's crazy the ladies made out of
bullets I'm going on my workman's comp
from my sag AFTRA insurance yeah you
shutting down production son we ain't
finished in no scenes what chopped off a
superstars finger yeah Jesus Christ her
finger what if it was like I mean how
far I mean it wasn't fault
I mean row yeah that's a fuck without
Dave the super expert ring yeah surgeons
that's gone you speak you know it's do
last last think it happened I don't know
if we talked about it might have been
after the last time I was on doing so
I'm on a trip and I'm coming home
literally about to get on the plane and
I get this text from my wife like um I'm
at the hospital I got a I chopped off my
finger and I'm like in my head I'm like
she didn't chop off her finger man I cut
her she's probably got a pretty buddy
stitches I was like okay that's pretty
bad as all right I'm about it was like
about a three-hour flight home so I know
I'll be there soon as I can so I get
there and I pick her up from the
hospital she's got the big thing on and
I get the story of she was getting in
the shower and we had a you know a big
glass swinging shower door mm-hmm and
she fucking liked her she was like
getting in like you know holding onto
the like edge real quick as the door
slams shut on it and just locked off the
fucking hole like I know to the knuckle
basically they put that shit back on
fixed it up a little bit that was crazy
now you just reminded me of it with the
whole Oh Ronda Rousey is so it's it's
amazing that they don't break more often
they're so gentle much it would be over
like if that part of might this finger
like this is the gem you know the guitar
on the fret hand you know if I lost that
part of that finger um I got it's gonna
take me four or five years to learn how
to play with just these at least my
friend Paul was closing a window and it
shattered and cut his finger and cut
through the tendons and his fingers like
permanently curled and he had a bunch of
operations to try to stray
and out but then eventually just gave up
they could never straighten it out it
never regained like full range of motion
from a window yeah like it's so delicate
everything all this stuff is so delicate
you know that's why it's great that's so
ridiculous
a us a glass door not sharp really I
went home and looked at it like it's
pretty beveled on the edges but the
weight of it just lopped off the fucking
finger like crazy yeah she was pretty
gangster though I have to say she was
pretty gangster what do you think of
that scene where they put his hand in
the fuckin actually posted I thought I
think she don't think it's on her knee
she posted the tip of her finger in the
plastic bag as she took it to the
hospital dude ice in the bag yeah they
couldn't reattach but they it was like
they were able to like extend it somehow
and like and planted luckily the dude
out right there there's a dude who was
an expert at hand plastic surgery you
know Wow hooked her shit up like it
looks right this is pretty normal
something happens to your skin like if
your finger gets chopped off at the end
there's a way to make it grow back right
isn't there am I making this up it seems
like I remember there was there's a way
was if something happens to you tip of
your finger oh yeah if you don't get the
bunk and they they can't dad I think
they said something like that but I get
got her pink hot piece of her bone just
laughs that's why I'm saying it's so
shocking how it just lopped it off clean
like a like an angle like whip and did
wow you like that sound effect yeah I
keep thinking that one day they're gonna
come up the artificial Luke Skywalker
type hands and that people are gonna
want them instead of regular hands
that's what I'm worried about
Wow if they came up with an arm it would
sound terrible though like metal or
metal English if you had the skin like
simulation okay I can play guitar with
that maybe I'm talking about cell I do
some wild shit I'm talking about
self-healing
bulletproof spider silk hybrid skin look
at the government's work on mmm they're
working on that right now they're
working on some sort of I don't doubt
him and
I said I wouldn't you want to hear that
wild one all right I went on you know
one night fucking smoking I went on a
little YouTube wormhole situation and
somehow I don't even know if it's a
YouTube video or someone else but I
wound up on this video that was like
world's smartest kid thinks that CERN
blew the world up in 2008 all right and
I'm like what the fuck
so I go on this video right now watch
this video dude and it's this young kid
he's like 12 and the motherfuckers
talking you know half the your you got
to invest like 20 minutes into this kids
talking about things that are super
smart and it's kind of like to show you
he's super smart you know I mean this
kid and his dad's doing the recording I
believe or a relative somebody very
close to them and he goes into this
whole theory of how he thinks when they
collided the the electrons I believe in
the in the in the super collider mmm
sorry that they caused some crazy chain
reaction that blew up the universe but
they also weighed they've created an
atom that weighed too much and he's the
first 20 minutes is also explaining
infinite parallel universes so what the
kid was up with this this theory of like
one atom weighing too much and way and
if that being just enough to shift our
University into a parallel universe
so this guy have this kid had me fucked
up because after I watched this
everything I saw for months was talking
about like it would be news guy on the
on the news like I don't know what
universe I'm in anymore or uh
the Spider Man into the spider verse
like all these everything I saw for like
four or five months after what's in this
video was like multiverse shit legend
about multiverses and it's got me fucked
up Joe I hear you look who it says there
he claims it's CERN destroyed the
universe during recent experiments which
has resulted in us living in a nearby
parallel universe instead you're welcome
Eddie a lot of people think this is an
explanation for all the Mandela effect
thank you stuff about the Mandela effect
Holly you know there's
apparently a bunch of people who think
malla debt Mandela died in prison right
and like there's you know as far as I
know he was released became president in
South Amer you know from just personally
you know but it's crazy dude what cuz
it's not just this video it's like you
watch it and that YouTube algorithm
starts sending you down a whole bunch of
it you know I mean you start hearing
humor and it's like it's and then again
everything that came out there was all
these shows I would see or movies or
news things about multum multiverse all
of a sudden was everywhere around me it
was fuckin Mehdi dude so I'm fucked up
about that shit right now well if there
was something everything do if there was
something they could do that might open
up a door to a parallel universe
you don't think they would do it
stranger things you mean yeah stranger
things I mean things are strange right
yes stranger things bizarro world you
know what's the weirdest one is the the
like the people that dismiss climate
change that is the weirdest one to me so
I'm like what is I'm trying to figure
out what's the benefit of dismissing
climate change other than if you work
for like the oil industry or something
well you were just lost a glacier yeah
like they just posted a whole thing of
10 you or 80 like something in the 80s a
glacier picture of it and I'm just now
and it's gone but I'm not even saying
like blaming anybody for it I'm saying
dismissing it as an issue like let's
pretend the people have nothing to do
with it
let's just I wish people had nothing to
do with it because then we can go holy
fuck it's getting hot how hot is it
gonna get like we could just figure it
out like if it was just record at this
point where it's two degrees the oceans
are hotter than they've been in do you
know how people do that where they try
to say well this is a natural cycle this
is something that some people still say
right okay even if it was just a natural
cycle
I wish humans weren't in the equation at
all so there was no argument I wish it
would just be like hey guys is getting
really hot what the fuck do we do as if
we had no control over whatsoever not
saying that we shouldn't take steps to
fix it we definitely should but I'm
saying that if it was impossible for
people to have created it and it was
happening around us maybe we would be
for us to do something
maybe we'd be forced to like go to
higher ground get the fuck out of the
really hot spots you know make your way
towards Canada like I mean maybe that
would what's what we would do if there
was no other way but we know that at
least part of what the problem is is
people at least part with the problem
but so many people start they want to
start arguments about that and fight
that and to me it's so strange it's like
what's the benefit of arguing against
that it's happening I don't understand
like it's happening you see it getting
warmer you see the statistics you see
everybody freaking out though the
amazons on fire
have you seen yes no it's fucking
horrifying photos from there just and I
believe it's purposeful I I have heard
that that is that some people are being
burnt away on purpose is what I'm if the
things I've read over understood the
diamonds where their truth because again
now that's one of the things we would be
are saying is mission is you've got a
question everything now truth has been
compromised men you know I mean no
matter what side or whatever you are on
truth is been cut has been seriously
compromised because there's a counter
opinion to everything and if you're not
adept enough to really get involved in
fine factual information you can
literally counter any argument there is
yeah with with something oh I said well
I read this well I read this okay well
that doesn't mean either one of those
things are true let's go find the truth
you know I mean it that doesn't exist
anymore because it's that people just
want to Google that shit get on
yeah and move on with their day you know
and and it's laziness on our part and a
lot of people don't want them
it's like fucking this thing that
everybody's posting with the goddamn
fucking Instagram I don't give you
permission you know use I read a whole
other thing that says the average
American I believe signs one or two
legal documents a day without reading
them and just by logging into shit on
your phone Amazon or Instagram or
whatever you every time you do that you
you subscribe and and and and adhere to
their terms and conditions and some you
think a picture of a copy
and pasted Instagram thing over
something that was from Facebook fucking
12 years ago is it's it's bananas
what's bananas people get roped into
things you know once per person see
small doses and better safe than sorry
yeah like yeah I've seen that too what
argument is that they don't know how to
internet internet I'm just saying even
if it's like you suspect it's wrong but
you know fuck it anyway wait wait that's
if you suspect it's wrong take the extra
time or just don't do it at all
yeah like what I'm just using that as an
example of how why what the state of
things are as they are yeah it's a
sneaky little loophole that's a sneaky
little thing that happens to you you
have to everybody's posting something
stupid did you send it to me
oh whatever lesson to me it must be
legit you know I mean how many times
you've done that I've done that all post
ism clown in it and then immediately
after it Dana came up it was him what
the whole night better safe than sorry
think they got everybody though they got
that fucking Perry guy party every party
isn't big Perry's job like fucking
protect the nukes or something like I
saw governor someone posted to Rick what
is Rick Perry
they said Rick Perry but but but he has
a specific job and her government is
like energy the energy secretary he's
like in control the nukes right is that
what it is energy secretary yeah you are
I don't know whatever the fuck he is
he's got a big job and you fell for it
oh it's bizarro world we're in bizarro
world maybe that fucking kid is right
I'm telling you dude you're yo you're
gonna be calling me in a couple nights
like fuck you dude why did you even tell
me about them I really balanced the idea
of multiple universes many times we all
have but this kid watch it just you're
gonna invest it give it to twenty
minutes or fifteen eighteen minutes
whatever it is and then you'll be like
oh wow it's it's not that it's a fact
it's but it's like wow that's super
possible
it's super super possible the way he
breaks it down what about this what if
every time you went to sleep and you
woke up you passed into a nearby and
very similar universe but not quite the
same and depending upon your choices and
how you live your life it's how you wake
up and what new one you pop into on the
other side and everyone's just a little
bit different the whole world changes
just a little bit each time you make a
decision one way or another everything
changes when you wake up you think the
world is static because it is when
you're awake you have no fucking idea
what's happening while you're asleep and
when you wake up again you have this
foggy recollection of the past and
that's what you're going by you're going
by every morning waking up with a foggy
recollection of the past that's what
you're doing and here you're assuming
that nothing's changed and everything
static and while you were sleep for
eight hours nothing weird happened you
know the fuck you're talking about you
have no idea you're dreaming you're
having crazy fantasies that shit weird
stuff is happening you're fucking
mermaids you're flying through the air
on a on a helicopter you know you don't
you weird things happen you dreaming
what is all that about we don't even
know we have no idea what that is
that's super possibilities it's fucking
swirling around in between your ears
while you're snoring up a storm and then
BOOM you wake up are you sure those
memories are real are you sure this
isn't a whole completely new University
living in today or simulation or
simulation there's some Isis simulation
right there there was some fucking
another genius super wizard kid who was
talking about that that something about
simulations I forget what I was high at
the house with my with the guy who runs
my studio divine and and and we were
just fucking laughs and talking shit one
day I like like what if like I may have
heard this could have been on your show
I could have read this so I'm not
claiming respond with the thought but it
was like what if like we just come from
a universe like that's so perfect and
shit and it's boring as fuck
and we just plug in to have all these
fucked up like weird problems and that's
why everything's getting fucking weird
or in crazier because like that's kind
of why we're here that's part of the
ride you know that could be it it could
be the only way you appreciate love is
to know hate they'll really appreciate
it and it could be the only way we would
appreciate all the good that we have is
to balance it out with all the bad that
we have and when they start to overwhelm
each other one way or the other there's
an imbalance it takes place and it leads
to all of our fucking problems as a
society and when you you think about how
long you're gonna be alive and what it
is that you're doing here why you're
doing it
you know all those weird questions and
answers that go on inside your head it's
all you're distributing energy right
you're trying to figure out am i
distributing my energy right my my
living my life in a way that is like the
best I can do with what I've got right
now that's it all these mine folks
that's all you got to do though
I mean honestly even no matter what
we're saying if you woke up every day
and that was your objective yeah you
couldn't really go or do much wrong no
no you can't and what if every day when
you did that woke up in a nearby
universe tells just a little bit
different because of what you thought
and did dude that's like you know that's
almost a magic type shit never last some
movie some magic touch actually I will
cows you know I just was like trying to
be a not such a glutton there we go
salut salut
[Music]
DJ melody over there is one dude Cheers
how about Cheers let's go American guys
women
cheers Cheers Jay yeah you know you got
a DJ problem the only guy ever I see the
thing I believe besides myself is honey
honey man oh yeah
I think they're the only one other ones
that have done music on the show right
not totally true is that true
you might be right you were definitely
the first and then Gary Clark brought
his guitar but we just I'm a huge fan of
that I think Sturgill brought its guitar
the first time he might not even brought
his guitar the first time
george'll Simpson Sturgill yeah I hung
out with him once this
a shop on Melrose they have a new song
that he just released his new album is
fucking incredible I got a chance to
listen to it in advance before it's
released and they they just released
something on YouTube it's like this
Japanese anime with what is the what's
the the name of the actual video so
people could find a single sing along
sing along it's fucking amazing song but
the video is cool as shit man it's all
this Japanese anime so he did all of
this
they did like all these crazy animations
he's it's like a film that takes place
while the album plays oh shit
yeah so it's all coordinated to the
songs I mean he's been working on this
shit forever he's been flying back and
forth Japan and LA I mean this is a
labor of love I like to ease out
incredible I met him like I said it was
my buddy owns a sneaker shop on Melrose
and he was I guess a bit of a
sneakerhead himself
oh really would be politic want a
stirred shit he's one of my favorite
people yeah I like it I like to love it
I did a music country kind of outlaw ish
like but like big band ish yeah you know
what I love about that guy he didn't
even try to go for it as a professional
musician until he was like 36 his wife
talked him into it his wife was like you
know you don't suck that's like what she
said that's that's that's high praise
she's like you're fucking good and he's
and he went for it because somebody who
wakes up with you and goes to bathrooms
that you don't suck I mean that's what
that's high praise you know but he had
like crazy jobs like railroad worker
shit like that like did a bunch of like
regular jobs and just was writing music
and singing music and then she convinced
him to go for it yeah he's so unusual
character man this stuff this all this
new stuff is different it's like he used
to be you would think of him as country
like you can't even you don't even know
what to say now with this new stuff is
not country it's wild though it's really
good check it out yeah it's like it's so
this kind of hybrid rock thing he's
doing but it's pretty fuckin badass
this says Waylon Waylon had sex with
squeen to the stone-age while the Black
Keys watched first comment on the visit
who said that whose name that guy top
comment Shelby Riley Shelby Riley
Congrats Congrats you won you won the
Internet for the day for the day that is
exactly what it sounds like really good
stocking on he's a sing-along you said
that was coming out I'm checking out now
absolutely he's doing weird shit that's
the only thing that element it's you
know and I don't you know weird shit in
the sense of like you know shit that
excites usage this is like you know you
know don't know I've never tried to make
the same thing twice you know cuz it's
like I want to be a side I won't be
scared to fail yeah yeah I don't know I
want to be like you know oh that didn't
work next time yeah well you you've
always switched shit up that's one of
the more interesting things about you
it's like when when you were doing what
it's like and when you switched up to
like whitey Ford sings the blues'
everybody was like whoa like what is
this is this is Chris is the jump around
God is the House of Pain guy but it it
it was a it felt so easy to digest for
most people cuz this before I knew you
and I was like that's so easy because
it's so authentic like it's very obvious
that this was like you the kind of music
that you were writing was like music
that like came from your feelings and
your soul it was like wow this is real
shit I was 20 20 years ago what it's
like was a classic that was a classic
that was one of those songs was like
that's a heartfelt song that's a soul
filled song you know that's like a
universal song yeah I went to New York I
had left House of Pain and went to New
York was a buddy of mine and was just
kind of sleeping on his couch and he had
a guitar there I start strumming it one
night and singing these little words and
he came bursting out of his room in the
back like what the fuck is that and
kinda was like we're recording that
tomorrow we were making a rap record I
was like there to like just kind of
further you know the rap career and
nobody really knew I played guitar and
stuff like that little mess
but it was his his encouragement that
definitely came back he liked when he
was like I think he was with it broad
back there and he just heard the song
and jumped what the fuck is that
you know I mean and and so the next day
they basically forced me to record it so
I had to finish right I had wrote it
like that night I think I had the first
part the whole liquor store guy at the
liquor store thing but I didn't really
have anything else but he heard that
part was like yo we you need to finish
that when you get those ideas when they
come to you what does that feel like
does it feel like like a gift comes out
of the universe mouths the really good
ones yeah you know I mean I I mean what
blows my mind and I'm gonna flip it on
you real quick is is the the the comic
art arc of you get to work this thing
out for a whole long time and if you're
really successful on your level type
thing then you shoot a special and that
joke kind of goes away you can't you
know really get tell that anymore and
that blows my mind because like my whole
thing is like work this thing out and
build this thing that I can go out and
play every night for the rest of my life
so like you're you know me like so all
the kudos being throwing back and forth
when I look at you or any amazing
comedian that just turns it around and
every year two years is belting out
these fucking funny ass specials and
then like you can't do that anymore like
you know unless you're Andrew Dice Clay
with the little fucking hickory dickory
dock you know you got the little you
know you know and only guy ever that you
want to hear the old stuff over and over
and over again like poor I don't know
see a whole set of just rhymes or even
like I'm like then now there's like yeah
you familiar with this with little
Duvall comedian hit the hole singing
like I mean he's like turning it in he's
flipping this like whole script on ass
what comedy and music and entertainment
is right now he's kind of doing some
really fucking interesting shit it's
also got a bunch of crazy shit going on
on his Instagram is Instagram solaris -
he's got something I need him that's one
of my favorite follows
he started like he starts cultural
phenomenon yes area like like he set
shit off like I've watched him say some
shit on his Instagram and we'll it into
existence and it becomes like a trend or
a so the songs he's written yeah it's
just like it's amazing it's like really
like no it's it's a really it's one of
my favorite follows honestly yeah he's
something special Andrew Schultz really
made me take I mean I I knew about that
song smile bitch I actually found out I
got that song because style bender style
bender would come out to fight with
smile bitch and he came out to fight
when they talked about he goes I love
Lil Duval
I'm oh let me check out a little Duvall
and I was like god damn this guy's good
and then Andrew Schultz says you know
he's a comedian and he goes he's one of
the most insightful and brilliant people
I've ever met and just like almost like
a naturally curious guy and get her one
no we're working on it yeah we're gonna
make it happen I'm that but she's also
the wizard the Shults tells me that
someone's good I'll buy it yeah and it's
like and he was early internet like dude
like he's been working these like
internet angles kind of a you got in
really early saw some he liked and he's
got his own thing going on
he's got thing going on with that whole
city boys country boys thing but it's
that's all in relation to the song yeah
I know but it's hilarious how people
like anybody you don't follow him go go
go well he's one of the best Falls
little do Bob just should be some
tickets to your next show in LA I'm a
huge fan that's that I read going who
have her millions on this show follow
little Duval because he's hilarious
funny and yes follow him to make sure
there's not really shadow band anymore
yes it's crazy I got a friend who's
going through that right now like we're
like they just disappear I like shit
when you search for him hmm
he's up there now okay good yeah man you
couldn't find him for a while there you
go it was tricky it was very tricky very
tricky back in the day
yeah awesome Lil Duval so what do you
want do today man
yeah no DG I brought a little you know
we got a few things to do we could do
for you know our little you know I've
come here with just a guitar with a
keyboard player I was like I'm gonna
bring my man from the world famous beat
junkies DJ melody oh here I like to know
they got it they got their own
University beat junkies Institute of
Technology
sound sound beat junkies Institute of
sound in Glendale California
DJ melody shout-out to pappu j-roc
all at home shout-out to everybody yeah
you know what we do but yeah we got some
things you want you want wants to get
into something let's get into something
let's do it ladies and gentlemen I think
it's only you and honey honey I really
do I think so right actually
yeah yeah I deejay melody in the house
[Music]
dear
Joe Rogan experience
[Music]
brand-new sneakers in fact Oh je
which is good okay
and we don't feel no pain and now we
don't complain there's where I go you
know my name
we got the money and bang
my friends
bitch okay
and we don't feel no pain
no we don't complain a little well Toby
was on my name
we got the money in face
and they'll seem insane
no I don't play
although Instagram but everything's
funny when you follow your master plan a
fan go
good okay
and we know feel no pain
and now we're down we'll play never
welcome people know my name we got the
mayor
now I don't complain
you know I know hooray
segars in fact go change which is good
okay
and we don't feel bad
no we don't complain
[Music]
that was great
I usually like it yeah um yeah it is you
know what happened was right we didn't
even yeah when I came in last time we
did I think we agreed to just fucking
not talk about the fuckers shit like
right we were both like kind of little
traumatized that's me
and um cuz what happened was I put this
record our last what I think October
right hit the road and you know maybe
two weeks in and get a picture of my
house on fire home so yeah this records
out but we're right now in the file
right now I just shot a video for the
for a new song and we're releasing cuz I
don't everything it's my label we're
just gonna release you know og Everlast
on all of whatever whatever's you know
formats you could find me do you feel
like when you get through something like
a fire with your family that like for
some inexplicable reason you feel like a
little bit closer oh yeah because I mean
much wife and children were in the house
when it was caught fire you know and so
yeah not literally here's how it went
down you'd stop let's tell the story
right basically I guess I was in New
York I get a call from the wife the
fires right across the hill like I live
literally like Simi Valley then the
mountains bang I'm kind of the first
line right there once you come over
those mountains so I get a picture like
from her like across the street from you
to how the hills just like it looks like
a hello landscape you know it I mean
this fucking just on fire and so they're
packing up and they're getting ready to
get out and there's a fire truck in the
neighborhood and thank goodness and as
my wife's putting the final like stuff
in the car like the kids or any nurse
putting all the dogs and you know
whatever the medicines and stuff we need
for Leila and she turns around and sees
like on the corner of the garage like an
orange kind of glow and the thing about
this is like you know people think the
fire comes and his Street and then jumps
and burns all these houses that's not
what happens if you ever notice in the
middle if you
in the news shit it's like one random
house in the neighborhood - trees it's
having a tree right on your house that's
touching your house well I happen to
have a tree right there that was
touching the corner of my garage the
tree went up that thing caught garage
went about a third of the house went you
know I mean you know where everybody was
out already my wife was able today only
reason a third of the house and the
whole my wife saved our whole block
honestly because there's trees between
every all of our houses like but for
privacy you know because everybody has a
pool and everybody wants you know nobody
wants to be seen two-story houses all
that shit so everyone just has these big
huge like those just spiny looking trees
you know I mean they go that cover
turned into a wall basically right they
all the whole the whole block would win
her has she not been there and had the
wherewithal to run down the block and
get the firemen that had just drove
Hyatts they come back and fucking put
this out she actually ran she ran down
the block and got a Dutch gangster the
fines against we're out here was so it's
so hard for people to understand what it
was it was frightening it was like a war
whose phrase like we were at war with a
natural force it was very strange man is
everybody was holed up together me and
my family we got a hotel in town with a
bunch of our friends we were texting the
knavery we were texting back before and
Tommy and his white Tom Segura and his
wife they came over to and we were all
on the same place it was like we were
all like refugees for a small tiny
period of time it makes you realize how
fortunate we really are to be here in
this you know this place like where
we're at right now where we can just we
don't have to deal with most of the
bullshit that people are doing with all
over the world man you know we just one
day of fire one week of fire whatever it
was it freaked everybody out and scared
the shit and a lot of people lost their
lives or houses rather a lot of people
lost their lives in Northern California
ya know that was that's like it's like
even worse than them couldn't even it
was yeah you couldn't even like really
get a perspective like for your own shit
because the minute you wanted to like do
that you saw an entire town flattened in
like an hour on the highway maybe we're
trying to get out on the highway and
they get caught in their cars and they
get caught farm and it's horrible you
know and there's you know for the people
that survived like for us in the sounds
ridiculous call yourself a survivor some
like it was a war but it's it's
something that you really understand
when you get through that
like wow like we are barely in control
of our own environment barely and all it
takes is one good strong wind one good
fucking hot day of one good gust of fire
and next thing you know everything's on
fire I mean that was nuts the kids the
kids are still dealing with it you know
trying to explain that thing to the kids
of like that Universal unsure D like
there's just not really honey I'm gonna
keep you as safe as I can but if you
really want the absolute truth I can
only tell you that some shit happens and
you know that it was actually another
big fire somewhere oh is oddly enough
when Notre Dame caught fire it was all
on the news and my daughter my oldest
was like oh that caught fire
you know cuz she always propose my wife
in in Paris so like we talked about
Paris a lot so she you know looks
forward all that she wanted to see she
was really interested in Notre Dame one
thing Brian but then but something about
that burning and when it did and she saw
she was like oh it can happen anywhere
any kind of and it kind of dawned on her
like okay it's not just there that Polly
because for a long time I couldn't even
drive by the house with her like to go
check on it or something and if she was
in the car my wife either cuz she just
didn't want to be over there and then
after that it kind of changed and she
kind of realized like well it's I guess
it's kind of can happen anywhere yeah if
it can happen a note which was a crazy
thing to witness happen in a human like
person like come to that understanding
of like wow shit's just not guaranteed
like in a weird way you know yeah but
isn't there kind of um there's a magic
of that yeah if you can get through if
you serve if you're one of the survivors
is a magic in that that doesn't exist
without the possibility of that I have
people asking me what are you gonna do
and I'm like what do you mean are you
gonna build the house in the same spot
I'm like fucking goddamn right you know
absolutely I don't live in like some
crazy bizarro like place I'm gonna build
my house right where it was tell you
what I'm gonna do the house on top of a
hill is but the sprinklers on your house
like people have the sprinklers I
there's neighborhood there was cats that
whole neighborhoods burned down and then
this one cow side the sprinklers that
councils pristine the problem with that
is you do get survivor syndrome
you feel you feel weird you see get
survivor guilt of the first three houses
in front of me right in front of my
house you know what right house is gone
yeah I could understand that if if if
you were like the guy who kind of
futuristically predicted a fire and put
that on and we're but after now it's
like you'll if you didn't push shit or
now you everybody knows about that shit
now so put this shit in your house so
you know if you're gonna live in one of
these areas we're basically in
California they're telling us now this
might be a new norm you know I mean
these kind of fires so you know so cuz
there hasn't been one in that the area
you know there those areas like look
over the hills and Simi Valley there
hadn't been one for all many many many
like a couple decades I believe climate
change is not real no it's fake its fake
news it's something that if something's
clearly happening right this is not
normal right
not in my 36 years so it seems like this
has been an adjustment I've been the
same Irish white motherfucker all my
life and I didn't burn like this when I
was young when did you move to LA oh
I've been here most of my life like I
was born in New York and whatever and
probably did a um kindergarten part of
first grade out there and then for the
like my dad was construction dude like
during the 70s boom of like Simi Valley
and all that shin being built he came
out during that era nobody talked about
crazy why fires back then did they they
didn't right not really first I got
evacuated for the first time while we
were filming fear factor and I remember
I was driving home and it started there
was a fire it seems like it was a little
bit out of control but while I was crazy
and I'm driving to work and then we
filmed the day and then as we're driving
home people are letting us know hey man
this is bad this has gotten really bad
and as we're driving home a guy got hit
by a car and he got killed and I didn't
see his body but I saw a shoe and we're
like passing by or like all these people
were freaking out because of a guy
apparently just tried to run into the
highway and some guy hit him because he
was panicking because he was there was a
bunch of shit going on there was fire I
don't know if he was panicking but
something happened he got hit by a car
so his his ominous feeling
somebody just died and we're driving
down this highway and the whole right
side is on fire I mean the whole right
side of the highway for an hour like a
Lord of the Rings movie Mordor dude like
flakes of ash are falling from the sky
like a like a light snow
it's fucking strange you're just waiting
for demons to come riding on fucking
horses over the top of the hills it's
that bad and by the time I got back we
had to evacuate from our community and
we just got the fuck out of Dodge that
was the first time that had ever
happened ever for me living out here
since 94 and that was in like 2003
something like that and then it's
happened twice since then it's a creepy
feeling man it's creepy it's like you
know that no one can do anything if
everything goes wrong if everything goes
wrong the wind gets too strong it gets
too wide it goes left and it goes right
and everything starts swirling around
and ashes fly through the air and they
land on other people's houses like you
got to get the fuck out of there just
get out of there's a storm of fire bliss
like all right so that I get a picture
the last thing before I get on a plane
is a picture of my garage engulfed in
flames
alright so I get on this plane I got to
take like three planes because it's like
last-minute booking and it's all coach
I'm pissed you know like I'm like I'm
not just like tucked in corners on the
walls like everything I did fly liked of
to Dallas then to Vegas or just to get
there the quickest and I'm just like
three flights so I get there hang out
the whole way there I'm like my house is
burned to the ground you know I mean
that's such I'm accepted I'm I'm dealing
with those whatever five stages of grief
then like I'm getting to acceptance and
then I get home and I'm not even at home
I had my wife and kids are at my studio
and like you know that's where we're
laid up from you trying to figure out
the fuck's going on I can't get to the
house because the whole 101 shut down
that way I have to literally drive up to
panga hit the 118 take that all the way
out to like the 20 whatever it is the
323 or the 27 I don't know it's one of
those
23 it's like out there and you come back
down to come around the other way and I
was able to get to the house I got to
the house like God in my house literally
had twenty fucking cop cars roll in like
cuz looting was fucking out of control
dude in there like Ogura in Calabasas
areas parked it was Oak Park and well
that's that's I don't think that is gora
and the same thing but yeah the hole
over there was fucking like off the
chain we're fucking looting so like I
had mom fucks pull up on me I literally
knew like I brought my lease in my
father and I my my mortgage and my
electric bill and I brought my you know
I had all my shit so laters in my house
and and they were cool but it was like
so I pulled up and like saw most of the
house standing and like broke down
because I'm a I'm a big art collector
and okay so I was like I had already
like just assumed it was all gone you
know and you know it was crazy it was a
crazy experience till I pull up and like
see like 2/3 of it there and you're like
wow like maybe there's Salvage or like
in the salvage shit like it was like a
crazy experience man I I'm grateful that
my my family is safe and all that and
all the rest of it is replaceable stuff
but I got extremely lucky ya know that
the most I mean it's like such a cliche
thing to say that your health and your
happiness and your family is the most
important thing you know that everybody
knows that even a fucking psychopath
knows that but to feel it to feel it
like in the presence of a natural fury
like fires like wildfires it's humbling
and in the strangest of ways it makes
you love each other more makes you nicer
to people
all my refugee friends you know when
we're at the hotel that night you know
the refugees from the fire we're all
like closer
we're like happy for sure you know in a
weird way you know we're having drinks
together we're toasting we're hugging
you know we're in a hotel hiding from a
natural fury and you you realize like
okay we we have we have we get soft when
we hit a soft spot and that's not
necessarily good for anybody
and occasionally these are horrific
things that happen are good for us
overall because they let us appreciate
like there's consequences just
consequences to live in here there's
consequences to everything being so hot
and dry and never fucking raining and
the fact that it may or may not be
getting a little bit warmer maybe though
maybe who gives a baby if people have
anything to do with it who cares let's
pretend that it's not even a factor
something's happening
something's happening we have fire
storms like every few years a goddamn
fire storm you know
craziness man well we survived your
brother yeah this salon sure sriracha so
much so much it think about right you uh
you know you haven't gone through that
man the view written shit that has like
the the touch of that on it I'm like in
in like a very kind of creative state
like state at the moment like so weird I
don't know what's there's this I'm sure
there's elements of it when I'm like
starting to play with right now do you
sit down right like on a piece of paper
or do you write what you're no no yeah
for me writing is a visual process
visual yes and I can't if I write it
down it becomes two-dimensional and I've
never I've written lyrics that I thought
were genius and actually committed them
to paper and saw them and they be and
they could it's like they dissolve from
this three-dimensional beauty to like oh
it's two-dimensional garbage it's
fucking bizarre I know and it's not
always like reasonable but it's my
process at this point how's it visual um
its if you really listen to my songs
they're like photograph like it's like
flipping through a photographic album
almost if you really listen to like what
I'm doing that's like very visual I see
the pictures I equate it to like did you
ever watch the show oz remember the poet
guy who could was illiterate but he drew
pictures and that's how he recited his
poems from pictures it's similar it's
like but it's kind of reverse it's in my
brain it's
it's there so you're saying your visual
in in terms of like the the stories
you're painting like you guy outside the
liquor store or the imagery yes or like
you know there's a song like black Jesus
where it's like just kind of cultural
like fucking pop culture reference after
reference leading you on a path of just
like stream-of-consciousness pop culture
references you know I mean I'll go on
tangents you know I mean but it'll be
all within an energy the inside the
brain you know I mean like once I commit
them
I even like after the fact like when you
turn in like music - like entities that
shows or whatever they want to know the
lyrics so they can know if they should
put it on air or this you know if I
hands and whatever if it's public never
but even when it comes to that I have to
have softer like recite it to somebody
and have them type it I can't it'll
it'll just kind of taint it to me
Wow let see it written so oh in my hand
you know what I mean and in another hand
it doesn't bother me but like for me to
come to - it it it it kid like it breaks
a barrier of some sort and then
everything vaporizes so do you how do
you capture the various beats do you
record it as you're coming up with it
there's there's a few different ways
that happens for me like you know if I'm
doing like a hip hop ish or hip pure hip
hop project I'll do be a beat involved
always first you know I mean there'll be
somebody have a track and will be like
oh that's the track we're gonna commit
to this and we'll write lyrics to it and
it'll be just kind of like I said I'll
I'll Drive around a lot with rap stuff
and just let it bump and see what words
starts popping up I like wordplay and
bouncing wordplay but I thought it can't
just be wordplay for the sake of it it
has to like tie into some sort of like
idea when it comes to a song it's
usually I string together some simple
chord progression and and start and and
see and and if I once I've see something
I really like it'll just like I said
pictures will start coming up and you
kind of just try to describe the picture
a little bit and sometimes you you come
across poetry when you're describing the
picture anybody that's good I mean
there's a lot of like not that's not
good
there's no that's not good there's a lot
of that a lot of that
it seems like a mere process to stand-up
comedy the mere process except I get to
hold on to mine even if they record it
and make a special I still can play mine
and that's that's what I was like man
comedians are just that's a little bit
it's a different commitment because like
you're you're bringing your like it's
almost like a child
you're raising that you have to watch
the life of it finish in a weird way I'm
not you know what I mean we build our
children that's yeah extreme but I know
what you say but like you're you're
taking this idea from kind of garbage
the idea that you know there's a premise
there and then like over a fucking
series of fucking shows or nights or
fucking maybe months you you find it you
know with different audiences and then
you got it and yet you get to rock it
for maybe six months good in all these
places and then you go and record it and
make that special if you're lucky enough
to be on that level you know it's almost
like I almost envy the comma yi I mean I
wonder if you guys ever envy the comic
doesn't quite have that yet so he can
like he has this you know bevy of
material that he hasn't had to trash yet
you know as they talk to Roy Wood about
that it was just on right before you he
that's one of the things that he said
that he shouldn't do TV for 10 years I
don't do it's like have a catalog man
the first time you do anything that
people get to see like be hardened like
we polish samurai of stand-up you know
but I disagree I say let him see
everything let him see all the bullshit
all the stuff that sucks all the
terrible jokes who cares just keep going
especially if the progressions there
then it's like oh you see let's just
keep going and it's good for everybody
see people don't want to think you just
like someone who just figured it out
instantly no it's good to see these
sucked it's good for everybody it might
be bad for your ego but it's good for
you when your ego get takes a hit it's
always good it's always good it puts
everything in perspective you know don't
you think like as an artist to like the
thing that gets in your way more than
anything is your ego right the thing
that gets ya in the way more than
anything is for sure the way you view
yourself
I wouldn't you want people to view you I
wouldn't produce my own records until
like maybe two albums ago because I felt
like if I'd me
through an album without being like
seriously challenged I didn't make the
best record I could and then just being
involved with a bunch of really
seriously good producers I learned to
challenge myself and and even the
records I've produced for myself there's
other guys involved producing with me
that are that I know are gonna be the
ones if that's something that's sucked I
mean I mean you can eat that guy around
or or even a guy just to challenge even
how committed you are to certain ideas
you know I mean how much time do you
spend going over like when you have a
song and you're like I think I think
this song is solid do you do you outside
of singing the song do you ever go over
the song and ponder like what you're
saying or how you're saying it like how
do you cuz your stuff is so it's so
interesting because you're you're you're
telling these stories of your
experiences in these songs and a lot of
them and you're also having fun and
you're also talking shit you're having a
good time with them as well
but when you decide okay this one is
gonna be recorded like this how do you
make that conclusion
for me it's again if there's not like
because I I can also even if I'm not
doing necessarily a straight rap song
there's times when I get a track from a
producer that I just love the track and
I'll build something around that other
than that it will again start with a
guitar and I'll either create a very
rudimentary drum beat and lay down the
guitar and maybe a vocal and I have a
very unique voice you know it's not like
it's so there between the guitar and the
voice tones start appearing that like
resemble other instruments to me like it
almost starts telling you what to do oh
that's not that sounds I can hear our
roads in there or I do the bass line
should do that you know you can hear
that and the guys I surround myself with
are beasts that hear the same you know
they know oh yeah this I hear that let's
do it you know it's you can start a song
will tell you what to do with it you
know if you really listen to it I
believe that because I I kind of uh you
know one of the things Santana told me
you know that I always held on to was
like you know
and I've experienced this once or twice
where I've written very similar songs to
friends of mine or people I know that
was like whoa I may be not sounding but
like the idea oh wow I brought something
that was exactly and he said like you
know we're all just antennae that are
like catching energies and shitting
likes bringing them in and we're you
know bringing take making some out of
that energies and sometimes people catch
that same energy and similar things
happen you know and so I always look at
a dad I look at my ideas like this but
also because I don't write them down I
equate it to like my children like this
like my ideas are like little animals
that are wild and I see them and I think
they're amazing and I want to and I so I
I'll play a song till I know it so well
it has to stick around it like I train
it to stay and if it stays the next
morning that's this kind of answers your
question
the next day if I write if I'm on to
some and I write a song I'll sing it 200
times if I get it close to done and then
I'll go to bed and then if it's there in
the morning in this in the same form I
will record it if it's gone I didn't it
wasn't mine and that's happened a lot
brave move yeah I have the opposite
coward's approach you know if I get an
ID I'll run away from everybody my my
fingers in my ears and write it down you
know hear what I said
I'll sing it 200 times you know what I
mean so if I've done it 200 times and I
don't wake up and know it it's fuckin
trash I write everything it's not
supposed to happen I have the total
opposite approach in terms of writing
common everybody how many specials have
you made in your life whenever counted
rough guess it's like all right that's
how many albums I've done in almost 30
years yeah yeah I mean so I was like I'm
not turning them out like that I thought
you know and I don't again because of
that there's not like this crazy archive
of garbage that's gonna be released when
I'm dead it's not gonna happen it's not
gonna happen it's not gonna happen
because I even saw as I start to record
if I get halfway through it in I'm like
not even satisfy wait
erased you know I mean there's a few
things out there that then I probably
wouldn't have released but they're not
they're like from House of Pain days and
they're not bad I'm just like they
weren't for they didn't have a purpose I
think it's good for people see bad shit
from great artists I do I think good
skins good family I have no problem een
I'm the guy that fuck I'll fuck up live
and talk about it for five minutes of
the show and be like yo at least you
know it's not on fucking tape right and
I'll be like that's real shit you know
no you know I'm with that I'm just like
it's my process it's like just the way I
do like again also I think I stitute I
had some really hardcore producers like
DJ Muggs and my man Dante cross these
were dudes that would be like that
fucking was garbage do it again
it's for so long that that's i'ma write
the first time now is gonna be decent
yeah I mean so it's like I gotta push
myself to for it to be better than
decent you know otherwise I just clip it
yeah well that's the only way you could
be as productive as you are you have a
right well-oiled approach you know but I
don't put out a lot of music but when I
know for a fact that when you put
something out you're happy about it oh
yeah um yeah I'm content that's when you
put it out content with that stuff
you're in a great position rather you
can kind of sort of decide what to do
and when do it writing three of the
biggest songs of the 90s with what it's
like jump around and put your lights on
well that was 2000 I think so but that
little period and I wrote those songs
jump around with mugs what it's like and
put your lights on totally on my own
that that provided me with something
that I cherished like some people
cherish private jet rides which is I can
do whatever the fuck I want and still
live pretty decent not super rich guy or
anything but like better than average
you got a good life take care of my
family but creatively I could do
whatever the fuck I want and it's a
beautiful thing man that's the older I
get like I want my whole new shit my
slogan is fuck it I'm 50
man that's my new shit dog I'm on like I
don't you gettin gonna rattle me man I'm
50 I don't even care
how's that if you're getting there you
go she's just trying to have fun live my
life go home hug my kids yes and fucking
know that nobody fucked with them at
school and they had a great day and then
my universe is complete yes
yeah fucking I'm 50 fuck it I'm 50 yeah
beautiful we need more people to think
like that man
I had a heart valve replacement at 28
dude I didn't think I was gonna make 35
you know I mean yeah so 50s what's that
microphone the chest oh wow so here this
is a hobby time it's not a watch it's my
hobby it's like a goddamn metronome you
know it's titanium man wrap your head
around that no I got alien technology in
my chest mo together doors don't fly off
that thing click click click that's
crazy
yeah it's basically a very simple thing
it's like a ring that goes in the valve
and it's like a spring kind of activated
flap that is totally self propelled by
the heart's pumping of the blood it
pumps the blood out of the flap then the
flap kind of snaps back and that's what
you're hearing is the tick is just the
springer there and it's all I mean I
could take my pulse without we were just
sitting here do you know I mean I can
take my pulse without even thinking
about it technology is so amazing st.
jude's valve shout out the st. jude's
people whoever invented that shit gleep
glorp from the mother Vega star system
whatever they can't figure out a way to
make your heart work again with a fake
valve click click click Wow that's why
you're here that's why I'm still here
man
it's amazing often wonder dad was like
why why did I why it what kid John
Ritter what killed him was
exactly kind of what happened to me but
I was able to get to the hospital faster
you ever meet that guy no but I know
that like when it happened there like
people pointed out like he isn't now
what happened to you I was like oh yeah
that one who's a special dude he was on
an episode of news radio everybody loved
him man like so nice like wandering
around the set like friendly to
everybody I get a weird way like uh like
just so he's a genuinely really nice guy
who just loved making sitcoms and when
he died I was like wow yeah that's one
of them things it's just so nice I don't
know where when you find out that
someone that's it like you feel like
guys nothing's gonna happen to him he's
so nice
and then one day the clutch the potlatch
of death I was told I by the people at
the hospital when I went back to visit
once that uh awhile after they had
brought me in because it took them a
minute to figure out was wrong me the
only reason they figured that was wrong
with me is because my actual doctor was
this guy in Beverly Hills I'm not gonna
say anything because I don't know if he
wants that but he it was a member on the
board of cedars-sinai so when they
brought me in the hospital all his
records are computer accessible to them
so they found out about my history of
like being born with this heart defect
and because up until then they heard
rock dude he's a musician they're like I
am gonna count much cocaine did you do
and all my friends are traveling he
doesn't do cocaine no he's not and
they're like coming out if we give him
the wrong drugs we could kill him I in
and then all of a sudden like the
records came through and that's what
saved my ass that along with the like
the head of surgery they're like the guy
who like did a double eight that
nine-hour surgery came off on one told
the guys they couldn't do my surgery
because it was too complex
he's got dr. William Trent oh he's an
amazing person he will not mind me
shouting around he like goes to South
American does all these free operations
on kids hearts he's a fucking Saint
this guy's this I'll tell you off
fucking show some other shit he did
that'll blow your fucking mind like wow
that's who does that but he saved my
life and you know I've just been I'd
like I said I don't expect to be here 50
fuckin I'm 50 man there's two little
girls I've got it's like a whole my
whole thing right now is I want to take
my girls like in the
like week or two over to see him just to
be like y'all dude these people wouldn't
even exist right if it wasn't for you to
do like I think that'd blow his mind a
little bit
fuck yeah well shout-out to all the
people who fix hearts all those people
fix anything fix all things you know if
you fix shit ya fuckin salute right
that's a positive thing yeah fix don't
care if it's a sink or a heart you fix
it good Cherokee all anything in between
do ya yeah and that weird fixing shit is
good fixing hearts though that's like
particularly good when that guy sees you
on TV and shit it's really fixed that's
been a minute but yeah he probably fixed
it up nice fix it up nice you enjoys
music thank you then you enjoy my work
fuck it I'm gonna tell the story I'm
gonna tell it here's the story okay a
few years after my heart surgery like
when I have my heart's which I didn't
have I didn't have medical insurance was
young and dumb didn't you know I didn't
just didn't have it and uh so was it
fuckin cause a real fuckin and it was
like a half a million dollar if I can
hit you know I mean but I'd you know
I've didn't declare bankruptcy I paid it
all and I think this dude heard about
that and they are I think guys like this
must somehow invest in you when they
know they saved your fucking life
there's something there's a connection
after that like that's one of my guy
that's one of my guys so a few years
later my mom when I was young had
believed Hodgkin's disease of what it
wasn't she had radiation treatment she
beated and all that but 20 years later
that shit wears on your heart valves and
she had to have a triple bypass like it
was kind of like oh shit like I was out
on tour I had to come home put her I was
like I want that guy to do the surgery
just because I had hit her and he done
mine so he does my mom's surgery and
this guy fucking I get to all the bills
you know and then now I'm doing all
right so cool hi could I get a bill from
the fucking anesthesiologist I get a
bill from the fucking operating room we
get a bill from the hospital I get a
pill from this I never got a bill from
this man for my mom's surgery dude just
was like not that one's on me
fucking crazy who gets a surgery done on
them right
that's an amazing guy who's crazy dude
that's amazing no this dude goes and
then I like started looking into who he
was and this guy goes and does like
fucking tons and tons of like Sarge
surgeries on kids down in South America
and it's just one of them do this man
saves your mom on the house what that
guy saved your mom that gals god bless
her god bless him god bless him yeah man
it's um there's nice people out there
that really are you know we were fed
this false narrative that everybody
sucks because so many people do suck but
there's so many people it's just a
perspective issues the same reason why
people think the world is flat they
don't understand perspective the
perspective when you're talking about
human beings and seven billion people
were just overflowing with people
there's so many of us there's so many
stories of people sucking but it's all a
perspective issue because there's so
many goddamn people and most of them are
cool and most of them want to be cool
and they would be more cool if they knew
you were gonna be cool we all agree to
be cool we can be cool we can have a
better time here we're wasting time with
nonsense and arguments at all and and
and conflict that all could have been
disrupted from the very beginning by
everybody because is why we need the
alien invasion
alien because a lot of people are
invested in a lot and a lot of shit
that's meaningless yeah you know we
won't even go into it we can all infer
what they what those things are between
us and the audience can do the same but
what I'm saying is like there's just too
much fucking bullshit about dumb shit
that we need some kind of outside
fucking focus yes
something that will take us with from
outside ourselves and make us focus on
something else or legalize mushrooms
which might be global warming but that's
that's not real right no legalize
mushrooms move to Greenland
Trump's on it
no he canceled his fucking trip to
Denmark because they said they're not
gonna sell em Greenland is talking Chad
now he knows what he's doing
listening chops gonna get us Greenland
good thing is is like gonna cuddle honey
believe II said well then it's like what
good oh man I can't it's bizarro world
that's all that's all people go to
Greenland to Bohan de bois ha
I think they bowhunt that that gigantic
fucking furry thing what is that thing
called the musk ox a Google Greenland
musk ox ever see a musk ox you want to
know but I want to see one and I also
want to know when I'm kidding you
invited for an elk BBQ dude come on I
mean I'm gonna I'm gonna put a kitchen
in here in this place I might have plans
I'll tell you I'll come please let me
show you must have 100% success rate on
bowhunting
in green land on a muskox cuz you just
walk right up to him oh you know what it
is because they they have an instinct
protect themselves against wolves so
they all huddle together when threatened
yeah but look what they look like
brother it even look real they look like
something out of Star Wars those are
kind of interesting but look go to the
side Jamie that some of those other
images when you see yeah they like that
perfect well you see that walking around
you like what the fuck is that
he's like a tauntaun that's insane
listen I'll lion fuck the elephant
fucked a mammoth look what is that a
buffalo what is that the fuck is that
thing those crazy-ass horns wild looks
like a buffalo with a Tina Turner wig
and duty could be a hundred and fifty
million degrees below zero those things
just chill they're just out there eating
frozen grass Hornets come from like
their cheekbones do the crazy looking
barely looks like a real thing barely
they're beautiful and apparently he's
good the apparently it's fucking
fantastic yeah that's awesome
my friend Brendan Burns shot one in I
think he said he got his either in
Antarctica you get you can go to like
really really cold climates and get I
think it's like is it north northern
Canada
there's somewhere in northern Canada
where you hunt them where it's crazy
like you just get on you get pulled by
by snowmobiles are you pulled by dogs
and you go like way way way the fuck out
where if you break down if your
snowmobile breaks down or if your dogs
all die you are fucked I mean you are so
so so so so fucked
because there's nothing man there's
nothing there's the occasional polar
bear and these fucking musk ox up there
and they're they don't even look like
real things and you're stumbling across
like imagine going through a whiteout
snowstorm to stumble across across this
2,000 pound enormous gigantic hairy
prehistoric beast so you could just walk
up to and shoot with a bow and arrow and
eat that's that's what's up there right
now like they're like a remnant of the
past like to the same want to see what
they like how with this the fight with
those things that because use it to fuck
up other males that's what most of those
animals they're not fighting off
predators with that shit generally
related to breeding and all that yeah
sure they think some of it is like in
some animals depending upon how much
pressure they get from predators like
elk keep their antlers very late to keep
their antlers like into March and April
because a lot of them live around wolves
and the idea is that they need those
antlers to protect themselves from
wolves so they hold on to them longer
than deer do biology it's real crazy
yeah dude we're so lucky we're so lucky
we're out here out the food chain oh my
god not only out the few chain you guys
can go right down the street and get a
fat steak dinner friend you just said on
the agenda
I cannot deceive let's do it soon you
know our spot yeah I'm sparking this man
oh you're crazy no we're dead you live
on the edge you have to like you don't
use a lighter yeah I'm saying oh it's
right here oh okay there's what maybe
you were one of those I only use a mask
and it will play into the next
Thun we're gonna do the morning top yeah
they come off the top sorry I was I
don't thinking the wig oh it's like a
helmet II kind of thing I see I think
they fucked things up with that that
bony part in the front above their
eyebrows they keep those for life - it's
not like a deer you know good deer loses
their antlers every year these mothers
looks like a fucked-up hairdo it does
this so beautiful though they're so
beautiful like that one right there
Jamie click about a day mom live there
for church right there like above above
that's a beautiful creature I mean it's
so amazing that nature can make fish it
can make it's a buffalo make that like
Buffalo words I don't know man
what is it bison related ox ox ox aren't
they all related bison and on it kids
facts
mmm was it's a it's cattle often
compared to cattle back now with a big
coat yeah that's on northern cow it's a
herbivore ago Wow Berlin cow part of the
vote bovidae family all the species his
family have two toed hooves four
chambered stomachs and are herbivores so
it's like a kind of cow type thing fuck
it's amazing aliens mutate them nope
those that's what we're supposed to be
right now well we're supposed to be
right now some sort of stupid fucking
hairy dumbass has run around getting
eaten by shit but the aliens came down
and said listen let's just plant some of
our stuff in these monkeys and see what
we can do I mean dude when they come and
bats what happened man so I'm saying
when they're coming back probably pretty
soon economy it's been brought up more
and more in the narrative and every time
we go to sleep we wake up in a new
universe and I think along those lines
that uh they're coming they're on the
way right now we just not quite ready
yet
Everlast maybe you are but some people
are not some people if the aliens were
hovering over Universal Studios they are
honest
lose their minds moving down the 101
over the Hollywood Bowl amazing those
little fucking time whether it was the
end or the beginning or whatever it
would be amazing it would be very
interesting if the whole thing would go
down you know I mean if it was the end
of all cool yeah let's I mean I'm not
incur I say hey break it off but I'm
saying if that's what it is it is or if
it's the next stage of like
enlightenment and fucking you know all
that goodness what do you think people
do if one of them like hovered over
every major city you know I think what
we're talking about is what would the
majorly
religious do because I think that would
affect religious thought the most right
off top you know I mean besides the fear
of like what are they what are they here
for right the first thing was I whoa a
whole bunch of ideology goes out the
fucking window right now so that would
cause a lot of panic and anxiety right
there alone you know you tell them your
your your whatever story or whatever
religion I'm not gonna go there like
we're up like that's not like that thing
let's put blanket it yeah you know yeah
it's gonna upset a lot of faux yeah you
know I mean right away just like oh my
god that's not what we thought existed
we're the center of everything you know
I think would happen I think people just
start fucking flat earthers go out the
window right away this is over maybe
like the aliens travel here from another
division they have a new explanation for
it really the thing about it like being
a flat earther or the thing about any
kind of like thing that you could decide
was already proven is that it doesn't
matter what the facts are anymore
what matters is what people agree to
that's what's interesting about it like
you realize that there's like a certain
number of people you need to have to
start a community and it doesn't have to
make sense you just have to have enough
people that agree to it if enough people
agree to it you can you can push you can
push some pretty preposterous ideas
through and a bunch of people hop on
board and they're happy to be on your
group that's the problem with groups the
problem of groups is people will just
join isn't that the big lie the big lie
there the big
I think the whole mine comes yep the lie
theory I believe that's the Irate over
that where I'm quoting out from but I
mean even what you think if you think
about a country right you think about a
country and you think about America
which we both love and live in yes sir
wait it's what is it
you know it's an idea right it's an idea
it's an idea that everybody who's in
this thing it's cool to each other
everybody's in this thing's part of a
team yeah that's really what it is bring
up your broken man so that all that
stuff from the front from the Statue of
Liberty some more but think about this
thing's old masses is that that am I
getting here it's just a walk it out 50
you know I mean right but I know what
you're saying
it's um look whatever we are like we are
what we agree we are we are what we
agree we are like we don't it's the most
of but we're in conflict about his
fucking stupid and as a country I think
we're supposed to be we're supposed to
agree that we're all in this together so
if we're all in this together it should
be good for everybody
we could do that we could do that better
than we think we can way better way
better a problem is the conflict some of
its unnecessary but that's a good sound
effect for that perfect it's you know
some of it is just unnecessary and is
these moments man it's moments when we
have fun moments when we get together
moments when we hug moments when we have
a drink together almost we'll listen to
some music moments when we're all
leaving a concert together or a movie
together that we realize like growling
this together we're all right it's just
like we just got to navigate it better
that's all it is we're crashing into
each other honestly if you go eat
moments we mourn together I mean I'm
honestly I mean I'm hate to say this but
you know I've see a lot of my older
friends more funerals lately than other
events and but they turn into
celebrations if you know me because we
all understand like all right man yeah
damn isn't glad I am seeing you right
now let's fucking yeah you know and
whoever was that we're celebrating
definitely doesn't want that they want
this yeah for sure I don't
when I go party the fuck up party fucks
up him say like that guy did I yeah did
I he's pretty good dad every you I made
a few bucks made a few bucks that's Dana
Manzana just play that song no matter
what I'm in got love I got to get my 25
cents man I gotta get my 25 cents every
episode dawg man come on you begrudge me
my 25 cents I love it I was walking out
of the Octagon I forget who who owes
interview my favorite is this every once
in a while like there's a few people who
choose that song like Cynthia Cove the
caballo
well let's shout out to the first Marcus
Davis yeah Marcus Degas he did the the
first thing and then he went into the
jump around but some people every once
in a while I don't know maybe if they
picked a bad song or something like out
of nowhere out of nowhere one time like
lyoto machida came out to jump around on
a mic I texted Tina I was like who the
fuck pick daddy's like I did and I think
the go-to Jam if you fucking pigs like
me doesn't like cuz I'll be like that
was random and I was like how how did
that happen it's funny it's funny when
this is a song that plays all the time
it connects you to one of your friends
it's like as I'm walking out of the
Octagon about six years where anywhere
Dana was it could be I could be he could
be on this side of world I'm sleeping
salon I'd get a phone call and he'd just
be a phone in the air at a club you guys
nailed that song so hard there's like
moments in space-time that get nailed
just like you you you just hit something
that resonates with people I I still
Danny's quote Danny boy's quote of uh
it's the Louie Louie of the 90s it's
Louie Louie it's just there it's part of
it like it's it's almost not mine
it's think belongs to the universe it's
weird
every ballgame I go to any event I go to
it gets played and it's not even like a
big deal about it's like some place is a
big deal like you get these football
games college like Wisconsin's and stuff
where it's like part of a tradition but
I'm saying any event angels game or
dodge became a Yankees game a Laker game
a football game it's it pops up
somewhere along the line dude you're
right up there with Queen it's crazy
it's wild I mean as you talking about
salt like individual songs and the
further their imprint on something it's
it's bananas it's it's it's something to
like I can't you can't almost invest
your thought in it because it can get
like whoa it's it that's it's really
kind of a part of pop culture it's
ingrained on Ana merits an American
phenomenon and world why I mean like
worldwide I mean yeah where did you can
you go where they probably don't never
heard jump around it's weird
I mean it's - think about it on that
level it's crazy maybe like one of them
places where trump's trying to buy maybe
open greenland no no they dive no they
they heard it they heard it Queen had we
are the champions and and and it also
had we will rock you those are two of
the greatest sports anthems of all time
Queen nailed two of them like one of the
fucking peanuts do of them we will rock
you and we are the champions it's
actually the same song - isn't it yeah
they blend into each other
but they're a different song they kind
of they're technically connected like if
you buddy had to buy them on iTunes you
have to buy two songs I think is it a
slash in there is it a we will rock you
we are the champions they come together
yeah it doesn't there's no space 3 or
was it recognizes one individual song
two different titles you're not you know
you're not miked up people can't hear
you so I'm trying to sorry yeah here we
go sorry DJ man so yeah so that was
actually one of the first albums I got
when I was a kid but on the actual label
which has like the titles of the songs
they were listed as two different titles
but on the actual vinyl the surface of
the record it was
one groove so the songs just went right
into each other
so so if you were in a diner and you put
like those quarters in that thing and
you played that right give you one song
over to give you know it usually gives
you both it gives you both remember man
diner music I was listening to that
microphone I feel like my memory I'll
show you I feel like my memory I see
like a we will rock you slash we are the
champions thing going on yeah it's like
I feel like you would have got both
songs they don't remember there is no
stop there's not even a clean place to
edit it really right if I'm right that's
crazy that it's two songs do you
remember those wheels of the diners in
the East Coast
oh so it's two songs there's a two songs
it's the two songs but it's one so I was
just driving a 45 I was driving a u-haul
truck last weekend I'm in the process of
moving so all you had while we had was
am/fm radio so I was listen to Kate
Earth 101 and we will rock you came on
and right away came we are the champions
played it as one song well they go
together you know perfect it seems like
it's almost but it is clearly two
different jams yeah right it's great
this is similar themes it was a goddamn
blizzard we will rock you we are the
champions that band they were there were
really sorcerers he was amazing Freddie
Mercury was while it was amazing it was
crazy he was so under vocal I was very
on stage I mean it is just a masterpiece
of Bohemian Rhapsody alone it's just
crazy
I know right look can you think of like
rock albums and you think of songs and
you think of that one you like like I'm
I write these little three chord songs
with a nice story over and shitting this
month this dude was doing like fucking
16 part and harmonies of bismillah no we
will not let you go like wrote like a
rock opera like within four five minutes
it was this fucking run man is how
genius I should is it's great to listen
to like it's super entertaining
it's
it's captivating he was a damn goddamn
hero for sure right Freddy yeah haven't
seen the movie I would say I haven't
seen the movie though after they stopped
having fucking Borat do it I'm like I'm
out
we're see cuz i like i like to show that
guys on that mr. robaix
I'm sure I'd like him to it doesn't
matter all that that you tease me with
Ali G and then you pull them away I
don't know I I mean that's not why I
didn't see I just haven't had the chance
but boy I wanted to do a lot of like
crazy anyone yeah you probably wanted to
do all you know wonder have dogs
flapping around you know I mean one dog
leg one to go the other he wanted to go
to the dark side of Freddy Wow I'm sure
the guy who did it did a great job the
problem is whenever someone gets
attached to the idea of someone else
doing it and then the new guy comes in
he's forever tainted but if you haven't
and you ever go on TV little show binges
that guy's show mr. robot is really
pretty fucking good pretty fucking good
it's really funny it's fucking like
bizarre like futuristic hacker weirdness
that's fucking it's pretty dope this is
the best time ever if you want to just
sit and watch TV like is there a better
time that's ever existed do you smoke
weed it's legal watch 42 episodes of a
show but occasionally I think it's
important and and probably even
therapeutical but if you could just sit
down and watch something on TV there's
more shit to watch today than the human
race has ever seen ever that's a fact
they're making new TV shows every
goddamn minute but happening right now
they're putting them out on Hulu they're
putting them out on Amazon they're
putting them out on Netflix
they don't even stagger them know that
they drop an entire season I did it out
watch it deal with it deal with it bitch
you watch stranger things yes I'm an
episode 5 don't tell me shit of what the
most recent season yeah yeah it's good
it's good I enjoyed I enjoy I can't tell
you I enjoy don't keep blasphemy No are
you gonna tell you anything else but you
I'll tell you a couple good ones I enjoy
a couple good ones
you fuck with Ozark oh do do i fuck okay
there we go there's Ozark Widow give up
one it wouldn't be alright they
cancelled it but the seasons that exists
are fucking hilarious you have you watch
this Santa Clarita diet no it's with
Drew Barrymore and the guy from Tim
Timothy Olyphant from like Deadwood that
guy yeah it's like it's I'm naming the
same thing else but you know y'all could
come thank me later
go check that shit out it's like two
seasons of it and they cancelled it for
some reason hopefully they'll bring it
back if a lot of enough people like it
but I'm saying he was fucking hilarious
it's like if you like zombie kind of
weirdness but it ain't really scary it's
fucking hilarious is what it is okay
it's craziness beautiful if you ever
watch the unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt I
have not got to watch that
I'll check it out that is a god to him a
larry show that's a good show to sit
down with your wife you'll laugh you're
always looking show she'll love it
listen it's hilarious it's about a lady
who was in a cult and she got locked up
in a basement for like 13 years then she
got out she doesn't know what the fuck
anything is but she's hilariously
optimistic it's really my wife got me on
this one it's not that but it's like
this lady like chick comic and I don't
know her name and I don't know their
show right now but it's fucking
hilarious and she's like a Larry David
escheat like she's did Larry David ask I
should say like the show is like she's
always like the fucking mom was like
fucking doing some crazy shit there's
like an episode of like where there's a
mom amongst the crew that's like done
porno and so all the moms are talking
about but like the fucking shows
hilarious I got oh man I can't remember
I gotta think of the show who's in it I
don't know that's what I'm saying I've
watched it with my wife times and I'm
just gonna get the name of it real quick
while we're here in may still it's some
like no apologies or a pot something
about apology sorry I'm sorry okay
fucking shit is hilarious dude that lady
is a fucking hilarious was that I don't
know her name I'm sorry buddy a savage
there you go she sounds sad she's
fucking funny dude it is Savage the
show's pretty sad but it's it's like
some dirty Larry David kind of
it's kind of a burden do you have with a
name like savage like you better produce
you can't run around be lazy with a new
canvas you can't name you gotta bring it
Bob savage Savage is sitting there
smelling his own farts mmm what Jamie's
in a panic I googled that I just googled
that sorry not sorry with the madness
average night nothing came up then well
that's weird Urkel update that's that's
definitely it because I have no more
yeah that's why I was saying apologies
I'm sorry no sorry that's her hilarious
average on her unapologetic new comedy
good I'm sorry I'm sorry that the show
is called I'm sorry
the are I'm sorry I'm sorry not sorry Ya
Allah G or something like that
well you guys are winging it a lot of
ways I mean it's kind of beauty of the
show though a little bit this 100% waned
I'm sitting a little bit but yeah don't
be scared homey calm shout-out to Nate
Diaz victorious shout out to Anthony
Pettis a gladiator was a great fight I
totally agree with the outcome
yes oh definitely definitely Nate Nate
won that fight for sure
I was I was complimented when I walked
into Dana's green room and was told I
smell like I just came from Nate Diaz
his camp it was amazing I I love that
thank God for that fucks given is like
at an all time know all-time low thank
God for that guy he's so important just
be you yeah
love that guy that's what he's doing I
mean he he's fighting for the baddest
motherfucker was it 170 right yes yes
yeah fuck cutting weight his need to cut
weight but I love what he's talking
about fighting for the baddest
motherfucker in the game belt so that's
the belt he's referred to okay this was
for a belt and there's only three rounds
I was like wait a minute I'm so confused
thinking about I was so I was a little
high and drunk myself no I was thinking
about trying to get him to explain that
to people but I was like well I might
just let him go
I don't even want to get in the way of
that I'm glad I know now what meld he's
talking about he's talked about it
multiple times that's a great fight he
called out he said that he said defend
this belt and I was like he's talking
about the baddest motherfucker in the
game belt I thought he was gonna say it
but I probably should have asked him
what belt it was no it's more beautiful
like that there's like this no it's
perfect it's like an easter egg how
would a great name the baddest
motherfucker in the game belt we should
be so happy that guy's a real thing we
should be so happy and that fight it
would be amazing yeah men that would be
incredible Mozgov dolls are straight-up
murderer he's a straight-up murder it's
hos Nate that would be chaos
I'll be chaos and then those two guys
want to do it those are two mean just
wild dogs don't want to add it those
guys are both like to the core they're
they're they're fighters to the core
there's no quitting either one of those
guys I mean that's a wild fight man
especially right now like financially
that's an amazing fight right now people
would pay a lot of money to see that
fight Maz vedalam Nate Diaz there those
are two guys that are like the most
exciting and most talked-about guys in
the sport right now if those guys
decided up fucking smash horns whoa it
looked like they were more than willing
yeah I hope they make that that would be
doubt be an amazing fight hope to make
that happen
that'll be goddamn bananas and maybe
water won't come out to come around if
they pick some shitty enough no we're
talking about weight but glioma lyoto
machida yeah like what I want to know
the story behind that one day I'm gonna
corner Danny when we're like you know
when this when he's not the fucking
busiest dude on earth yeah and and be
like what the fuck what happened what
song did he pick which the other fight
was I don't know man I'm sure it's
somebody knows but I wonder if he won
cuz they'll be interesting I think I'm
not sure I think he did because I keep
track of shit like that because it's
fucking I hate it almost when somebody
because
and one of my favorite guys um oh my god
uh uh the beer
SuperDuper friends with Tate Jardine
thank you the Dean of mean yeah he came
out to my version of fucking Folsom
Prison and I was so jacked about it and
he lost that fight and I felt like it
made me feel horrible like oh man myself
oh this is Chris Weidman when he fought
lyoto machida oh that's what it was
that's when the okay see he put the
kibosh on Liotta oh so yeah he let's see
you see I took look where I didn't ask
for that I mean fucking ass for that
dude Oh need that pressure that was
gonna pick my shit a song wasn't gonna
save him you know that's one of those
weird ones it's like what is how bad is
the song that you you won't let a person
pick their own song that's what I want
to know it's not that much time I mean
it's only good the walk to the Octagon
is not a full song it's only three
minutes but all those Brazilian guys
always come out today here I mean like
fucking come to the fucking wildest
music some of those dudes not Dax
murderer used to come out to some real
questionable fucking like Dutch disco
house he came out to a rock you crazy
oh my god yeah that's right Dutch dis
Swedish House Mafia
oh my god you're so right
crazy that's exactly what is coming out
to that dudududududu like overtly like
over-the-top to number one were so
number one worst walkout song my
favorite was when Randy Couture came out
to Ted Nugent's stranglehold I was like
if there is ever a song that's like
design like that that seems like a fun
that's us fight playing song you know
you're about to have a fight that's song
you want playing stranglehold michael
Chiesa is that too couple guys used
stranglehold now that's a salt like
stranglehold and it's it's one of those
songs anything by ac/dc oh yeah come out
to a fight cool yeah does that get to
anguses tones on the guitar that's over
you got anger yeah right Justin nice
Rich Franklin used to come out to
thunderstruck when he was the
middleweight champion came out to I know
he definitely came out to an ac/dc song
no question is it feels like right
questioning that was big like right then
- yeah ac/dc is like one of those bands
were you hear like three or four chords
like is it easy like instantly like for
Angus Young again his guitar tone yeah
just this one was called for those about
to rock oh he came out that's what those
about but didn't come out too - I think
when he fought Anderson Silva c12060 did
for those about which fight was that who
was he fighting I think for sure he came
out to thunderstruck Gugu is your
footing was uh he was a sec dude oh when
he fought Forrest Griffin
he was a CDC dude you think about what
walkout music is niggas in this is nice
I'm when they're walkout music was a
Chuck Liddell he beat with a broken
like kicked him in the arm and broke I
think ya feel like I was there but I
might not have seen hands on where it
was I don't hit him
Chuck broke his arm in the first round
and then he he clipped him with a punch
with his other hand like when
everybody's with his broken arm that was
crazy
yeah same song at a UFC 72 okay maybe
that was a song for those about to rock
hmm great song either way like III when
everybody hit me apparently when Steve a
knocked out DC like I there's a bad
angle where I was like he saw me and
then like recently I saw the did you
ever see the meme with Kobe where he's
like staring it countered like after
knocking out fuckin I think it's Joe's a
mm-hmm and like it's me like I'm like
talking to like fucking Kobe but he's
just staring like this like there's a
meme that just like focuses in on him
Mike it's fucking crazy so I like it's
got me thinking like I wonder have like
I said I've been there's so many of
these fucking fights that I don't even
you know I was like trying to remember
and it's like I can't even remember yeah
you've been coming to them I mean almost
as long as I've been working for the USA
yeah
or classically yeah yeah close to not
ask but close in the neighborhood and I
mean a couple years behind yeah yeah but
like you know you're the first guy ever
smoked pot indoors worth in Vegas a
little kid I think somebody made a meme
this is something about Kobe even this
concentration is I started focusing in
on him like this she was alone that make
that bigger does it make it bigger is it
possible to make it bigger let me tell
you something listen look Iike Bebe's
face is there a harder man that's ever
lived
let me tell you though he came out like
two fights before that fight and he was
the nicest guy to everybody that came up
to him he's like he everybody came to me
engage with him talk to him as soon as
the Conor fight was about to happen
that was it for the whole he just was
watching
the whole time and I like and like we
were talking I could he like in the
whole time like I said we were engaging
what I'm saying to him right there is
like oh shit y'all probably fighting
next kind of okay cuz he was like I want
to fucking fight that guy and they got
into it backstage at that shit
but I just made me laugh and it made me
start thinking like hey I wonder how
much shit I wonder how much shit I mic
in the background of a ton of them one
of the best ones ever is Ari and Duncan
kissing and when they planned it they
planned it and so these guys Pat the
camera past in front of them and they
grab each other and started making out
just so they could be on camera watch
this look at watch this right here the
camera pans of them oh my god and Dana
Dana texts me afterwards did your
friends fuckin Oh what's up what's up
Jimmy I thought I was with them at that
fight with you it might have been on
substance psychedelic oh they probably
maybe yeah they probably work those
common practice coming practicing today
wanna bang one more up let's do it let's
do it
um let's go uh smoking and drinking that
seems appropriate yes
all right DJ melody uh-uh
and let's one more give it a little
shoutout him and the B junkies have a
school in Glendale California it's
called beat junkies Institute of sound
they teach kids youngsters and grown-ups
how to DJ like properly like real DJ's
yeah beautiful
[Music]
Russell Peters approves
all sudden my chicken all whiskey-soaked
dog is dead - wait he's cooking man chip
and see the sound post rapping just
American as apple pie
[Applause]
Wow
let's try the back she looks a little
better whether bust down by whatever
and also critical she got a new
president
get ready kids
why we don't bake
wowie and
[Music]
all the bullshit ringing with some
travel to sow the seed
sometimes you make problems later on
with Simon's always walk around Belle
I lost a few hands and lost a couple
fast black down on whiskey bitch I saw
the whole item six fuckin behind ships
in a color that'll make you cringe
I'll say
wasted
we know that
bullshit smell
stick to what we know thank you
why
[Music]
bullshit lieutenant daddy
they're so good grabbing I'm a
chrome-plated Man of Steel
I can tell it feel
people happy hold me down
one camera from you hands
what be no thang
[Music]
bullshit
whoa
[Music]
[Applause]
it's a great fuckin song either whitey
Ford sings whitey Ford's House of Pain
is the latest album let me do all the
things my manager will slap me later for
if I don't
oh gee ever laughs you can find me on
Instagram that's the only one I really
do but I'm on the Facebook and all that
with all the tours and all that but if
you want to see what I talk about or
what I do it's og Everlast on instagram
my god Joe started on Instagram by the
way that's a hundred percent and and
he's kicking my ass all over he's got
like 18 million followers I got like 98
thousand no always that's nothing your
people always come and are always
beautiful folks that's the but but the
folks that always come after a podcaster
always like fine folks and and and are
enthusiastic that's awesome here I think
we tapped into a river of cool people I
think they're out there I think you put
it out there and people respond in turn
and they realize that a lot of a lot of
the shittiest behavior that we all
exhibit is because we're around shitty
behavior for making agreement to be nice
to each other we can change everything
I'm working on it we are I'm a gay man
you're Irish
I'm a dick quick excuse to be one if you
want to be an ass maybe but you know in
all the years I've known you you're very
very introspective guy man you look at
yourself you know when people make
mistakes they look at themselves like
you're a you're a guy who looks at
everything man you look at yourself you
look at other people it's nice to be
afforded the time and luxuries to do
such things too let's acknowledge the
some people hey man motherfuckers look
like some people can barely look up from
the grind man it's a blessing to be able
to like have that those moments of like
hey whatever it is Joe Rogan in the
fucking brush
you know stalking and elk that's where
he gets his moment or you know you know
or whatever me driving fucking Pacific
Coast Highway listening to an A beat
trying to fucking come with an idea you
know yeah well that's a luxury you mean
even though it's our work you might be
thinking of a joke out there while
you're fucking yeah I mean now we're
luck super lucky for sure
um well said that's so important to
acknowledge you know for everybody and
and we didn't used to be and that's
stuff to grind you know and we're all
okay we're all okay we just got to
figure our way through our own
individual maze the problem is in
comparison ramp that's a big part of the
problem
I'm totally paraphrasing but there's
like definitely a famous phrase where
it's like comparison is the death of joy
and I think we've even talked about it
on they might I'm having deja vu so they
might have been on here that we talked
about I'm a repetitive fuck yeah and I
say a lot of the same shit over and over
again that's a Thomas Jefferson quote
correct comparison is the thief of joy
thief of joy I think we have talked
about my deja vu is in high gear right
now it's one of my favorite quotes
because it just makes you realize like
this is something you can't even control
you're also in control I feel like it's
like there's this everybody's not
entitled to the luxury that we're
talking about so it's like it's you got
to be thankful for it on an extra high
level because it seems like we're in
this twisted thought age where it's like
everybody thinks they deserve that and I
don't even feel like I deserve it I'm
lucky I'm a fortunate fucking man you
know I mean I I sing songs I always
compared to like this like you know when
you talk you know what like people
talking about in the old new music
whatever whatever I'm like whatever
happens if the lights go out and all the
power goes out I can go from fucking
little fucking prefecture to Prefecture
and play a little song for you and get a
meal for me and my family that's how I
equate it like it's it's a trade you
know I mean and and it's an imbalance
society that gives that has I mean I've
met teachers that I feel like should be
making way more fucking money than me
man like on real levels that I that I've
seen do things for kids on like you know
like my school has a mixture like you
know kids that go there because they
live there and then there's a lot of
people trying to go to the school
because it's very nice school but you
know so there's imbalances and these
I've seen teachers that come out their
own pockets and do things for
you know people that was like wow man
that's you know I mean I like to think I
do nice things and I think I do but I'm
saying it's like when I see it on a
level where it's like grassroots ground
level it's it's impactful to me you know
yeah it's think about teachers that's
the one that's the heart string-puller
you know how much teachers make it you
hear about it should be roxtor how do
you you're taking good ones babies
you're teaching our babies and you hear
about the bad ones I hear about the mean
teachers that fuck with the kids head
don't realize what they're doing
some people are just angry they're just
angry and me and it comes out on their
teaching and if your teacher gets stuck
or your kid rather if your kid get stuck
with one of those teachers like that can
have a devastating impact on the kid's
life we're we're experiencing like
something like that but not automatic
I'll go on a very minor level of like
you know like the way the school we just
found out like today yesterday like what
teachers our kids have you know I mean
it's like there's the whole like
cultural parents circle of knowing who's
teach which teachers you want and which
ones you don't and it's like I'm not
gonna go into whether we got what we
wanted or not but it's like the fucking
drama behind it is it's hilarity to me
it's like it's such a it's such a like
whoa like you know they did is they're
abuse going on or what you know and well
and teachers a little more strict than
the others in my day my parents would
have said like that's the teacher we
want nowadays it's almost like the
opposite in that in old days my mom
would be like that's the stricter
teacher yeah put them in that class it's
put in that class because that's the one
that's not gonna take any shit and
that's the one that's gonna get you know
tell make sure he knows and people
aren't gonna take shit from him and like
you know what I mean that's I I
understand that mentality you nowadays
it's almost the flip like all that
teachers like she just oh so abrasive
channeling it's like well what does she
do well she's raised her voice to the
kid that was what was the kid doing he
was fucking losing his mind in class so
the teacher raised their voices I you
know it's just give a general example
here but well I was hilarious we got
paddled yeah paddled at school I got in
a fight with a kid named Preston banks
we duked it out
well no will I got battle I was like
fuck I lived there from 11 and 13 so
somewhere in that range
they fucking whack me where was it Oh
Florida floor yeah yeah Florida they
used to be a lot of powder you this dude
had a paddle like an actual wooden
paddle and me and this kid got and that
this I remember thinking even though
it's probably like 11 or 12 or whatever
I was when I got in a fight with this
kid I realized this kid had been like
badly burned when he was young and we
were you know we're in school together
and he was like missing part of his ear
and his his neck was all fucked up and I
was thinking like wow this guy like he's
not doing so well like this is it made
me realize like we got into this little
scrap over nothing because it just he
wasn't doing so well and I didn't
realize that until I was in the
principal's office with them in the
fight like we couldn't fight in front of
principal that was the authority figure
we were both like subdued but I was
realizing when I was around this isn't a
mean guy he's a sad guy like he's a guy
that just didn't get any love and he
feels like he got ripped off by life
because he got burned when he was a
little kid for sure and it made me think
like it changed the way I looked at
people but the one little argument and
fight with someone kid and then getting
paddled getting power just cemented it
like wow there was stamp on it I don't
agree with it you know and the guy
didn't hurt me he didn't try to hurt me
and try to hurt the other dude either
but he definitely paddled us East it
used to be a legal thing put a sting on
it man you know I mean that's what we
grew up with you guys I got spanked turd
is that good I think I think there's
appropriate time and place I really do
you I don't know about that that's
different cuz I have two girls and I've
never I've never spent my kids I don't
think that's like threatened to to but
I've never had to actually commit and do
it so I don't know ya know it's it seems
like it might not be the right and even
with a boy I'm talking about that the
physical justice for me she would be a
rare thing let me give you an example of
when like a time in my life when I
definitely deserved physical justice and
God
my father you know he talked about using
guns when I was very young we'd go out
and shoot and like not hunt necessarily
but he'd take us out and shooting
mountains out an evangelist for us back
in the day and like fucking I had a very
good gun education and understanding of
guns and one time when they were away I
fucked around with his like pump shotgun
and fucking accidentally fucking loaded
in fucking bang a shot into the wall
alright this was an apartment - this
wasn't a house this was an apartment
building
now it wasn't a wall connecting to in
another apartment but let's put the
possibilities that you're having when
they came home a few hours later that
apartment outside was surrounded by
police like the guns like they didn't
know what happened the neighbors all
called cops didn't they heard a shotgun
but so after they all settled it down as
I got my ass fucking kicked that last
that knife on my father you mean and and
you know some people nowadays would say
that's fucking rough but no I fucking
could have fucking killed a human being
easily I just you need to sometimes know
like okay this is because what you just
did could have wound you up in fucking
the penitentiary for the rest of your
life so an ass-kicking doesn't seem as
extreme as you think when you put it in
the balance of that so when you're
getting to like a level of that I think
especially for a boy you know I mean I
don't know if I then if a girl was going
that wild I mean I would encourage the
mom to throw the baby I mean the dad
can't throw that beating you know it'd
be a little rough but I think there's a
time and a place where like hey if
you're gonna stop and you know you you
got to let them know here's this will be
the rest of your life yeah if you keep
down this path that's it's got to be
that extreme to me for it to be a
beating nowadays when I was young a
beating could come from talking back
right at least a smack in the face yeah
well that's you know a shoe just a
little my fear was mom after like 13 mom
stopped using the hands cuz you know it
didn't you know I had outgrown her she's
my mom was little my mom was little I
was a little woman like 4 foot 11 five
foot tops just throwing shit oh yeah so
after a while I was like it went from
from the hands - like stirring spoons
and shit and then once they'll started
breaking it became shoes and and like
you know whatever else broomstick and
then it became like which of your
fucking father gets all my mom might
have like gently smack me upside the
head gently like never like a real like
wound no my mom was a Brooklyn lady like
she might have been like what are you
doing stupid tried to never drop me ma I
remember being like 9 or 10 her mom's
chasing me down the block Oh
catching me no yeah so happy the worst
had happened my mom was not chasing me
she'd be like you're coming home
eventually dummy
my mom was that mean she wasn't having
it no all word oh yeah my mom would have
never chased me she'd be like I'm not
playing your games little but she was
fast
she caught you beat your ass funny
friends it's so rough
when you're a young boy and you're
trying to be cool it's like the most
embarrassing like any day you could just
trip on your own dick and fall faces do
it offense like a fucking asshole just
so goofy I think it actually made some
more friends at the time understand me a
little bit differently do like oh wow
dude all right we get you now we
understand kind of your whole thing like
your stielike your yeah guys are nuts
yeah for sure but I feel like when you
think of yourself as like a musician and
an artist like you're so fortunate this
is gonna sound weird but you're so
fortunate to come from a chaotic
upbringing I feel like everyone who I
know that comes from some sort of a
chaotic upbringing has like a different
kind of like horsepower to the shit you
know like all my favorite people that I
like to listen to and watch y'all on
some like real fucked-up moments it
struggles and chaos I'm sure madness you
don't you don't get what you put out
without that that's like the root of it
all that's the
seed that causes it all to grow I mean
it's similar to a joke a song you're
trying to find it depends on what you
know when angular take from it I like to
call it the highest common denominator
like that I'm trying to find is like the
the highest level thing we can all
connect on I mean not the basis most
lowest level or common denominator I'm
trying to find the work what kind of
elevated level can I speak to you on
even if it's about fuckery can I raise
the level of speaking about it and just
telling a tale about it without it you
know being you know again the most base
and and easiest lowest hanging fruit mmm
you know you know that's the same thing
I think with the joke you're trying to
find there's no real new like you're
just finding new angles on funny shit
you know what I mean like things are
news when things are newly invented or
when they're new events like an event or
a new invention
then then things open up new pathways
other than that like you're talking
about relationships you're doing a
variation of exactly a take on it that
everybody's had who's had a long life
and been in relationships especially
Larry King holla at you boy going on
number eight was that number seven they
just left eight divorced seventh wife I
think he remarried long ago damn like
that you know Larry King still alive you
didn't know oh boy would write would Roy
and I were looking at pictures of
laughing I really didn't know why I'm
impressed that he's still alive divorce
at 85 haha Inge more power to him yeah
if you got the money to get divorced at
85 go for it the shooting him up with
steroids and cocaine and they're just
gonna start viagra just having gals come
over to the place he's over at Arts Deli
just holding court imagine if over the
last like year of his life he just banks
an unprecedented volume of internet porn
and just releases it all in one blast
Larry King
Fox I just called the docking Carl
yes King sex tapes yeah
King yeah just banging it out and just
yeah that's how you get so much money if
you really just want money now's the
time to act that's wild poor Larry he
doesn't seem like he has good posture
like that's not good when you're an
older fella and you like they have the
curve yeah he's got that curve he was a
very nice guy I was on a show twice I
was gonna show twice for fear factor so
he's very nice very friendly guy you
know you kind of gotta be when you do
that for a living and everything you're
talking a person you got to be good at
that you can't be like me I'd be like
did they go to jail
is there a Larry King we need to get a
Larry King mugshot yeah get that Larry
King mugshot order that shit up go to
take the five unique photo Larry King
mugshot how do we not have Larry King we
just decided to get Pablo hey dude you
need to get the mug shot of the dude
who's still on CNN who got found out
like in Central Park in New York like
with math and like a like makeshift
noose around his dick is they was like
what's his name the English dude with
the glasses CNN and Richard
Richard come on dude you're helping my
help come on ordering up for assured
print Richard oh man you know his face
soon as you see space you can pick oh
that guy Richard Quest Richard Quest
Richard Quest he's the guy I'm talking
about I know who he is
oh dude if you see his face she'll be
like oh yeah he's like he's like the
English guy on CNN he got caught in like
Central Park were like madman like
fucking some sort of noose or something
around his dick I was as far as I
remember reading we were we were slammed
it for a while if you're a single gay
guy isn't that what you're supposed to
do I don't know you're supposed to have
meth I don't know surround your dick
that's like no thing is this not on the
internet it do with that am I making
this out there's no I was looking for a
mug shot there's no mug shot but here's
an explanation making this up right I'm
not this wasn't like a drug induced by a
hallucination or something right how
hilarious is the way they put this see
their personality reach requestors bus
in Central Park early yesterday with
some drugs in his pocket no big deal and
a sex toy in his boot law enforcement
officials say sources said quest was
initially busted for loitering aside
from the oddly configured rope this
search also turned up a sex toy inside
of his boot that means his asshole a
small bag of methamphetamine in his left
jacket pocket it wasn't immediately
clear what the Rope was for I'm gonna
talk about that on stage from now on do
send me that guy do you don't know that
guy he's all over the fucking CNN
I do not know that guy owe me that
article that we just said it to my ever
no I hope it provides you something
beautiful something there there's
something
was not clear it was not immediately
clear with a girl or four and I'm like
let me help let me help you out
was it tied around his neck and his dick
[Laughter]
mr. quest at 64th Street and West Drive
it of 300 the police noticed mr. quest
at 64th Street and West Drive bail out
3:40 a.m. the official said as he was
being escorted out he volunteered in
quotes
I have meth in my pocket according to an
official briefed on the case the police
searched him and recovered a small
amount of methamphetamine in the ziplock
bag and a rope around his dick and his
neck and they stay on the farm when what
kind of boots he had on us there's a
snake in my boot asshole
is this an English paper no this is New
York it was Central Park I think they
mean is asshole I don't think I think
they mean is boot I think that's a whole
new dimension that's your trunk bro
you know in English what it's like this
isn't this this is New York Times yes
they're using proper British English
that's America it's New York Times
called boots aboot in America let's go
with the better angle honor this day was
in his ass that's the veteran new at
post New York Times it was in his
asshole
his boot his boot is it's proper British
for like if you watch like that is
factual that is factual Clarkson and
fucking Richard Hammonds and James May
therapist rose rock is the best the boot
yes it's in his asshole
Wow guy the sex toys asshole hey no
judgment Brown brought a whole new like
fucking like dimension to that no
judgment it's okay it's fine
yes sir even if he didn't get caught
with that in his asshole he's still
doing math and talking to cops
with a rope around his dick and neck
yeah that part - I was gonna get so
crazy if you had a fucking rubber dick
is a slight wait what I'm finding that
shit on I'll get you that mud shot I'm
fine Roper and his dick and balls
whatever whatever thank God for my white
privilige dude is black as Wesley Snipes
with dreadlocks I catch you with a rope
round your dick and necklace yeah your
pocket bro yeah yeah yeah I think so I
think so 100 dismissed
all right connecting your neck and cock
and probably a sex toy in your ass at
the very least I was gonna say a shoe
which is weird enough it's my it might
even be weirder but let's not jump to
conclusions
confusing interpretation of the American
version of boot and them saying maybe
they think she means ass those with
another man oh maybe nobody's got a
fucking rubber dick in their boots
that's outrageous that would make you
boot all fucking uncomfortable why would
you just put it in your pocket it's in
his ass bro let's just run because he
had a meth in his pocket all the
computers spread misinformation look I'm
sure it was just an issue whatever
whatever don't ever volunteer that you
have drugs let them find the drugs let
them find the drugs unless you want to
fuck the cops first time I went to Japan
with house paint what happen we're on
you know is one of them things were we
were touring from tora tora tora i would
go home and literally take one
set of clothes out of a bag thrown in
another bag and leave so we got to Japan
and on this particular trip I brought my
girlfriend at that time and I think
Danny did and lethal brought his own
homee or whatever but all that we
brought a bunch of guests and everybody
gets through customs and as I'm getting
through customs the guy reaches into
this one jacket I have and he pulls his
hand out and there's this little nugget
of bud
and he's like what is that and I was
like well can you speak English because
he said it in Japanese so I said okay
okay what is that I was like my brain
just was like well fuck man just it
looks like wheat I said it looks like we
you know I just fucking owned it they
went and got this little tester put some
shit in sort of returns blue it's weed I
was like it's wait let's just fucking
save a little trouble is we meanwhile
everybody else had gotten through they
brought everybody else back in right
fucking gave him the fucking finger like
I have like my lady everything at the
time everybody got the strip-searched
they never strip-searched me they
searched everything I had all my bags
everything right they tested one nugget
weed whatever I end up after several
hours the record label paid off whatever
they had to pay off we got into the
country and we're able to do our tour
now the point of the story is
everybody's fuckin hating my guts
the whole fucking bunch when we get to
the hotel I'm unpacking my bag trying to
figure out how the whole fucking thing
happened I'm looking at the jacket and I
reach into the pocket that was I there's
nothing in there I was like fuck that's
crazy I reach into the other pocket of
the jacket I pulled out a fucking ounce
of fucking weed they never looked in the
other pocket of the jacket Oh fucking
ounce of weed I should show you know
what you were without even knowing you
were doing it you were like sending a
small meal to get busted so that the big
ones can sneak around inside I must have
been rolling a joint somewhat at the
last tour and I had an ugly over and
just throwing it in the pocket not
thinking about it on one side cartel
does that but if they would have found
that other one first I'd be in jail in
motherfucking in Japan for a long time
never but I got it I called the hole I
called everybody that smoked in the crew
down to the room after that and I was
like yo check it out man I really didn't
mean this to happen but
I probably had more good ass fucking
weed in Japan than anybody at the time
you know what's incredible cuz all they
had was ash and shit like that stop and
think at that moment that moment if they
didn't go in that one pocket and they
went in the other pocket first and they
found that giant bag of weed we wouldn't
be having this conversation nope we
probably would no I don't think so
that's a lot of weed who knows though in
Japan it would have been there we took a
lot of money to get me out of that
regardless a lot instead of I think it
cost him like a thousand bucks and
they're like you know which was like ten
thousand or something yen or a hundred
salary or post put your lights on no
this was in house paint okay this was
like when the only story like it was
like Paul McCartney is banned for life
because he got caught with some wheat
that's that was like that well I don't
know if it still exists but there was a
point where he was banned for life
cuz he got called weed over there well
you used to be in Nevada you get sent to
jail for life if you had weed and now
it's legal there you know there's a
bunch of dudes like looking out those
barred windows bad yeah that's just got
it something's gotta be done about that
guy ain't that ain't working yeah that's
the problem that's the number one
problem it's number one problem with
laws against things like weed like as
long as you can buy some whiskey it's
part of the double a problem a lot of it
too is a lot of these prisoners are
privatizing they don't want to let a lot
of these guys go man a lot of these guys
get money for the amount of fucking
people in their prisons I got a solution
those private prison dudes just start
selling weed right a cleaner way to live
your life man don't be a goddamn slave
owner you know there's this whole like
urban legend that I mean it's very
believable about this letter
that went around like a bunch of people
in in the in the hip-hop music industry
got I don't know maybe it was within the
last decade where they described like
this guy claimed to be a member of the
elite a class of like executives of the
music business in there in the mid
nineties and whatnot and there was a
time when the private prison industry
kind of came and got involved and got a
lot of these people to invest and then
kind of help direct like things like rap
music and then if you remember they used
to be like public I don't know if you
how bigger you were fan of music you
were at the time X clans and Public
Enemies there's all these proactive like
you know counters to like the party drug
dealer guys or whatever you know there
was there was naturally another side to
it that existed and was successful and
flourished you know amongst it you know
and that disappeared
but and like there this letter that went
around was like kind of claiming this
guy was part of this thing and he left a
meeting when they these guys it was like
a whole conspiracy thing like that you
know but it's like totally believable
that they are poor that they could these
guys with director music and and a
fucking media in a certain direction to
encourage fucking basically a cycle of
fucking prison for fuck because if you
look at rap music if you look at rap
music and what happened from the
nineties till now there is no conscious
music anymore
there's none it's again up it's some
people will tell you it's fucking God's
honest truth so I'm gonna tell you it's
the wildest speculation in the world but
you can dig it up easily music kanya has
some conscious music for sure but like
what like Jesus walk some that was
written by a guy named a Rhymefest I
think is his name I think is a guy from
Chicago one of his partners from Chicago
wrote that song you know I mean which
guy remember these guys like Kanye's a
producer and I'm not saying he doesn't
right but what I'm saying is a lot of
you know he's also like he will take a
song and make the song because he's a
producer a lot of people do I'm not just
saying Kanye's like like a fraud or
anything I'm just saying like as a
producer like people Drake doesn't write
all his records like they there's a
different era of rap and shit like that
going on from when I was young when I
was young it was pretty much 90% you if
you couldn't call yourself an emcee or a
rapper if you didn't write your own shit
there were cats that didn't do it it's
always been there there's always been
the ghost writing scene but if you
wanted to walk in a room and hold down
any kind of respect with people you dad
to know you wrote your crimes you know
yeah so it's like you know and it's not
saying like oh you're not a fraud you're
just a different kind of entertainer you
know to me as far as I'm concerned I
don't shit on it you know I mean there's
a lot rake records I like there's a lot
of other shit I like you know I mean
it's I know those guys didn't write
those records because I can look at the
writers credit and see 20 writers
credits on it so but I
come from there of like you know you got
to write your shit yeah I think some
people feel the value of collaboration
which is a legitimate thing and if your
ego is good enough where you can like
work with like Paul Mooney work with
Pryor you know Pryor is the greatest of
all time in my opinion and he he worked
with Mooney Mooney helped him a lot you
know and Richard Jeni worked with Chris
Rock and you know another's as well you
know like this it's not like some of the
greatest of all time I've had people
that work with the Paul Mooney is God
that's he's the great he's like
important important influencers for sure
when I when I was at The Comedy Store
because he was like the first guy that I
felt like was a real I was scared of him
because I knew he worked for Pryor and
knew he was like he's connected to
royalty and he'd be around the comedy
store and I just they stood still sharp
his or Iceman I stood right there though
I was like my twins and he laughed one
time I was in I was onstage and for like
ten people I was doing my act and I
heard it in the back and then he came
out to me afterwards he said that you're
a funny motherfucker he goes you did
that shit like it was a sold-out room he
was your real comic and I was like wow
like Paul Mooney said that to me cuz I
remember he was connected he's connected
to the fucking the man he was connected
to Pryor's made like all those like it's
the contribution it's I mean I guess it
might be maybe it's different in hip-hop
but in but in stand-up it's similar that
we disguise like Bill burr who writes
everything he says everything he says
it's coming from a Bill burr place of my
son contributing with anybody he's not
you know he's not collaborating he's
just he's just being Bilborough
you know Joey Diaz same thing like like
everything that guy says coming out of
his head there's something extra to that
you know it doesn't it's not better or
worse it's just like you're going to
it's like difference between you go in a
restaurant and everything's homemade it
might be the same as if everything
wasn't homemade in terms of like the way
it tastes but not the way it feels right
feel like you got like you writes your
own shit like when you write your own
you play your own songs it's like yeah
I'm getting a piece of you I'm getting a
little piece of you comes out of your
art and that's that's the difference
it's not like there's anything wrong
with collaboration collaboration is look
if you look at Chris Rock stuff it's
arguably some of the greatest work of
all time in terms of like the finished
product of Stanwyck the stand-up comedy
bigger and blacker it's one of the
greatest comedy specials in the history
of the world period end of discussion
anybody that argues with you is an
asshole so that came out of
collaborative efforts it's nothing wrong
with that obviously it made something
amazing and many other bits and many
other things that a lot of great comics
have done but it is different man it's
different you know but we're all like
some will in some way connected to each
other and collaborating with each other
will we like it or not it's not like
that how many stages into the game were
they gonna collaborate with you are they
gonna be there for the final product are
they just gonna be influences all along
the way in your artistic journey yeah I
mean a lot of words
even the most they'd be the thing that I
would consider that I wrote completely
by myself if you want if you get down to
the next level it's like there's 25,000
things that have influenced why I think
that way or feel that way you mean so
that's determinate that's why that's
that the whole angle of like there's
really nothing new it's all about the
angle and and I like and it's like when
I watch too I like I like watching the
old a dog town like documentaries dog
town and the zeebee and shit and it's
like the whole approach to skating was
like everybody can do that but it's not
the style you do it in you know I mean
that's what it really starts coming down
to this now for me again if there's no
brand new invention or brand new event
right we're rehashing yeah experiences
that air that has been happening since
the dawn of time and as you're just
finding a new style and a new angle to
dress it up and that makes people feel
like it's new
sure sorrow romance
of those things you're breaking the
boredom of the way it's been thought of
before in a new way and and that's what
becomes appealing to people but goddamn
when someone hits it and they do get
through with something that's a new way
of describing some shit we can all
relate to it makes you feel so good
music makes you feel good in the way the
comedy never can the comedy makes you
laugh it makes you have a good time
together we're all in a room laughing
hoot it up but music when you by
yourself man you can just be it just be
you and that music and you get
goosebumps you can lift more weights you
run faster like it fires you up man if
I'm running hills and I'm listening to
music I honestly feel like I'm cheating
I feel like I'm cheating because I feel
like I take this like burst of like
artificial energy it's not dependent
upon my discipline or Drive it's not
artificial though no it's not but if I
didn't make it yeah no but again see I
don't know if it's some grass is greener
shit and I don't I don't even know if
that's the proper phrase but like just
when I look it as an art form you'd like
that comparison when you're like it's
good music is this I'm like comedy is so
much more precious because you work it
to that point even if you tell an
amazing joke that lives in me and I
fucking love it so much I take it and
tell it to him for me the minute I tell
it to him it's ends it's like that's the
end of that joke for me you know I mean
it's so it's like there's a preciousness
today it's like a fucking to me like
there's a finite you're creating an art
that's like gonna it's like almost like
a dude the only where creates art just
to fucking watch it like yeah yep right
really like uh some Japanese Lantern
that's gonna just go up in flames and
fucking disappear it's like there's a
beauty in that that to me is far
different and far more again precious
because it's it's it's life is shorter
you get you have to watch it in that's
my point is like you have to watch an
idea of yours come to a finite end
whereas like when an idea of mine comes
to a finite end and it's good and it
connects it can't I can repeat it over
and over and over and people accept that
yeah you know so it's like as it's just
but to me it's just the preciousness of
it if you understand what I'm getting at
is like wow that was that all that work
mm for that for the much like they limp
it's almost like the Olympic athlete
training his old life
like that's how each joke almost is when
you write it when I the way I and I
watched a lot economy I'm fucking them
all over all y'all motherfuckers shit on
the one they post specials bill all
those dudes I'm Tony on mind all this
shit so it's like I'm really a fan of
comedy and it's just amazing to me like
I said the finite this stuff it is is is
precious that's an interesting way of
putting it
I've never really thought about that way
I thought about it in the way that like
you have to write new stuff but I never
thought about it in a way that like the
first time that someone hears it that's
the only time they really hear it every
every time after that they know what's
coming yeah they never see it the same
way you know it's like again like an
Olympic athlete you're working that joke
you're working that joke out and you're
worth the joke skin better and it's like
okay it's a bronze metal joke right now
and it's a silver manager if you ever
get it to that gold metal joke and then
you drop it where it's supposed to be on
that place in time of the special or the
thing that everybody sees then it's done
you know what's interesting now is
there's a lot of comedy nerds they want
to watch the process still watch it flip
punchlines around and flip things around
and they go hey you did that thing
different now yeah I'm trying to figure
out how amazing to me if I had the time
to just sit and watch you guys go to the
comedy club every night or whatever
these two ladies from Arizona and they
came down to the store they travel
around the world they would to see our
in Europe or Iceland or some shit but
they're their comedy nerds and they come
to watch and they like they'll see you
like two months ago then they come see
again conversations with them know like
yeah I like I switch that up like you'd
put that there and like yeah I'm trying
to figure out where to put it
my point is like there's a journey there
until you get to that point where it's
like dropped in that special or
thing that's been seen across no local
broad spectrum it is a journey they and
they know that because they're fans of
the comedy so they know this things that
thing's gonna that thing's gonna build
into some you know that's what I would
look again that's that sounds like a
fucking amazing time to me well it's
also like if you're a fan of music it's
hard to go watch people practice it's
different yeah because you're practicing
in front of motherfuckers and they're
reacting I'm practicing what we do it we
call it shedding because we're locked in
the fucking room doing it by ourselves
and we're gonna do it in front of you
till we got that shit right right you
know we can't do that
we have to do it in front of people but
the weird the weird thing about it is
it's like like they can come and see it
they can see practice no no people can't
see you practice really it's not
practice you're just fucking perform
it's Kerry's performance art you know
yeah for sure so it's like you're
working it out you have the concept but
the it has to be worked out has to be
walked to a destination so to speak yeah
I mean the other part of it is though
there's so many more people doing music
from their art doing comedy like the
waters are like less populated what do
you think like the numbers for sure
right absolutely because a more great
bands and there are great community know
there's not a lot of great bands there's
a lot of fucking artists like there's
not a lot of new great bands named a
couple new great bands oh yeah okay I
thought we talking about like what's
coming you know the most raw or
addictive currently yeah do the Rolling
Stones are still on tour what the fuck
is happening they just waiting for
someone to explode the funny thing it
was I think I went to their farewell
tour like fucking and everybody back
then was saying isn't it amazing they're
still touring Aerosmith - same deal they
were probably in their 50s then you know
now what they likes 70s 80s
do David Lee Roth looks healthy as fuck
I was fine when you were you had him in
is uh in your lyrics oh yeah dude he's
healthy as fuck man that guy has no
connection to the outside world here's a
lady he uses the lady has a phone she
she tells David where he should go and
when did she meet you and David goes
there and David doesn't bring a phone I
don't even know if he had a wallet I
paid for dinner I'm like this guy's he's
not connected at all
fuck smiles at everybody couldn't be
friendlier he just knows his vibration
he figured it out and he sticks with it
can't hate he's hilarious man he's a
fascinating cat that David Lee Roth you
know he lived in Japan for like a year
and learned kendo which is the art of
sword fighting trained under a Japanese
master he brought his dog rented an
apartment got a fucking apartment in
Tokyo and just everyday went to kendo
practice got whacked with bamboo swords
my one of my drummers the guy he's the
fish he's actually the beneficent one
the namesakes and uh he's into all that
like heavy jiu-jitsu but like martial
arts but he's weapons trained like a lot
we're into it how many people move to
Japan to train with a Japanese kendo
master for a fucking year he didn't even
speak Japanese
he brings his dog to the other side of
the planet to learn sword fighting for a
year and he's David Lee Roth he learned
Japanese things no he learned a lot of
shit yeah he can speak like a broken
version I'm sure of Japanese but I bet
his Kendall's pretty badass
I don't want sword fight him he really
went for it
you know he trained martial arts and
karate and kickboxing under Benny her
Kita's Benny the jet or Kita's
California legend a world lies in a gym
Lincoln man is very nice when I first
came to California there's two things
that I needed to do I needed to go to
the comedy store first and foremost
number two is I needed to go to the jet
center the jet center was betting the
Jets place of vampire I think I shot my
first album cover there did you really
yeah I'm pretty sure that's great what
year like 1988
oh my god I wasn't yeah that's crazy I
was just this is the first ever last
record with ice
ice-t like had a sign well that's crazy
to his label yeah I got here too late
man I got here in 94 and the gym had
been so badly damaged by the earthquake
that when it started raining was a year
after the earthquake when it started
raining the rain was leaking all
throughout the ceiling the ceiling was a
wreck and they had a band in the
building and I don't think they ever
they started off another place in North
Hollywood but it wasn't quite the same
thing like the jet Center in Van Nuys
was like one of those places no I'm
positive no that's where it is it's like
because it's summer rock sing ring-like
and I remember the Jets on it that's
where we shot that's how I knew about
Benny's you know that's how I learned
about it tough dudes man I went there I
was so nervous just came here from New
York and I was still sparring back then
I had to decided to stop sparring and I
just needed something to do and I was
out here doing TVs work and I was
training with all these gangbangers man
I remember this one dude he had
something on his back I don't remember
what he what the name of the gang was
let's like flat us or something like
that and then it just said fuck the rest
on his back and I'm never thinking Jesus
and one of the guys like blinky
Rodriguez who was a world-class world
championship level kickboxer he knocked
out Johnny Theriot he was like a like
top of the food chain kickboxer he had a
son that succumbed to gang violence and
so he like worked really I'm sure pretty
sure that's the story and he worked
really hard to like help the the gang
members in the community and bring him
in the gym for free and teach them
kickboxing and and and and show them
that they have value in that they could
work out their differences inside the
ring like men and not get involved in
gang violence she liked us and so it was
a weird thing because we'd go there and
like he was like you're taking kicked by
a fucking kid from the suburbs of Boston
okay and I'm a comedian and I'm like
fucking 26 years old but I'm hanging out
with gangbangers and there's like
hardcore kickboxing gym of one of my
martial arts idols Vinny Akitas and
another one blinky Rodriguez who was
another one of my martial arts idols and
you know know didn't know who the fuck I
was and I was just in there like
training with them and then it went
under and I was like I got this brief
glimpse into this place that was in my
childhood like Mar Mar
arts childhood like that was one of the
mecca's that I need to go to I needed to
go there he's the jet center but it just
it all went away real quick like within
I don't know I don't know how many
months after showing their album was
forever everlasting that's correct me
like in a corner of a because they had
to Everlast add me in a boxing ring and
so I can yeah that was the jet Center we
shot that it's Benny the jet was yeah
there you go there it is there you go
that's actually my father my father on
the on the upper right there dude I
bought that guaranteed I bought that CD
100% 100% I bought that that was all at
the Jetson Wow
that guy was a legend man Benny or
Keita's was a beast he would go to
Hawaii and fighting these crazy mix
tournament so they do judo on you and
boxing and all kinds of crazy shit this
guys were the originators man
they were the hardcore second wave after
Bruce I damn look at you handsome
bastard god damn you dude I got like a
little Hitler stache or something going
on there well I think I was trying to
grow it look like a quarterback in a
movie burly asshole I was I think 16
right there man that shot is taken by a
legendary photographer named by the name
of Glenn Freedman man he took many many
of the most iconic shots ever do
shoutout to Glenn you would play a
perfect guy and like a movie about a
quarterback was an asshole to his
girlfriend there's another guy in the in
the school and he's like real
sensitivity writes poetry and the girl
would want to kick his ass yeah fuck
right 22 22 7 one more song and get out
of here
yeah we do that let's do everybody
deejay mellow please give up your
credentials and social media melody is
just DJ melody a DJ melody on Instagram
and like I said beat junkies institute
the sound check it out and all in
Instagram Twitter all that jazz they
could find it from there yes sir
whitey for house of pain is the album
whoa all these songs are the
that and yeah we got one more for you
one play you out
hi everybody ready
t of December girl or Never Land
every day I got Memphis
you
Oh back wherever they still matter
sometimes facials never
away
I'm a bit
all my holes in the
new Chevrolet
so
[Music]
I'm bringing
for so long
bu
yeah
[Music]
Joe Rogan experience beach jockeys DJ
melody thank you guys that was awesome
thanks brother wasn't well that was a
good damn it was beautiful it's
beautiful
get down everybody